navigate to the red room , always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark three before going to landmark one .
avoid the green room until going through landmark three .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the purple room .
navigate to the orange room after going to the second floor .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the yellow room .
move to the first floor but go through landmark three first .
go to the orange room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the purple room .
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
go to the green room by first going through the red room .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark one .
go to the third floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the purple room
go to landmark three .
go to the third floor then go to the yellow room
go to the orange room and then go to the purple room .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the orange room .
go to the first floor but never go to the red room .
navigate to the purple room staying on the third floor .
go through the yellow room to the purple room .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark two .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room through the red room .
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark three .
go to the red room but do not enter the green room first .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark two
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark three .
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark one .
go to landmark two before going to the orange room .
go to the second floor
avoid landmark three until going to the blue room .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark three
go to the first floor after you go to the second floor .
go to landmark two before going to the blue room .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the blue room .
go to the blue room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the red room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the orange room .
navigate to the third floor through the blue room .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark one
go to the third floor and avoid the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor before going to the blue room .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the second floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going through the purple room .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark one
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the red room .
go to landmark two but avoid landmark three .
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
avoid landmark one until you go to the red room .
visit landmark three but do n't leave the first floor .
go to landmark two but do not enter the red room first .
go to the green room and then go to landmark two .
go to the first floor then go to the blue room
navigate to the third floor before going to the red room .
head to the purple room but first go to the first floor .
always go through the red room to get to the yellow room .
go through the red room then to the second floor .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark two .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the purple room .
move to the second floor by going through the yellow room
go to the blue room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
navigate to the second floor always passing through the third floor .
go through the yellow room before going to the red room .
move through landark one to landmark two .
go to the red room through the first floor .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the purple room .
proceed to the purple room by going through the green room .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the green room .
always go through the blue room to get to the green room .
go to landmark one before navigating to the second floor .
pass through landmark one on your way to the second floor .
go to landmark one through the green room
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark two .
go through the purple room before going to the third floor .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the blue room
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark one
avoid the red room until you go to landmark two .
move to the third floor , travelling through the blue room .
avoid landmark one until after the blue room
avoid the orange room until you go through the yellow room .
go to the orange room through the purple room
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark one .
go to the blue room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark two
navigate to the third floor via the yellow room .
move to the third floor , travelling through the purple room .
avoid the orange room and go to the first floor .
go to the blue room without going to the green room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the green room .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark three .
go to the blue room via landmark one .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the green room
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the green room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the yellow room .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark one .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark one
first go to to landmark two then go to the blue room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
go through the purple room to the second floor .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the green room .
go to the red room through the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark one through the red room
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the third floor .
avoid the red room until reaching landmark one .
avoid the red room and go to landmark two .
avoid the green room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the green room .
go to the green room through the red room .
go to landmark two .
go to landmark one then go to the green room .
go to the first floor , then go to the blue room .
go through the second floor to the blue room .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the blue room .
go from the red room to the orange room
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the red room .
go to landmark two and then go to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the red room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the first floor .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark one .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the green room .
go to landmark three avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark three .
travel through the blue room then go to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until after going to the second floor .
move to the blue room then continue to the red room .
go through landmark two to the orange room .
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark two .
avoid the purple room until you go to the blue room .
go to landmark three by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
travel through the orange room then go to the purple room .
go to the red room before you go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark two via the third floor .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the third floor without going to the orange room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the blue room .
head to the yellow room but first go to the second floor .
go to the second floor but never go to the green room .
stay on the third floor while going to the blue room .
avoid the landmark two and go to the first floor .
go to landmark two through the yellow room
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
navigate to the yellow room through the blue room .
go to landmark three while staying on the second floor .
go to the third floor through landmark three .
go through landmark one before going to the green room .
navigate through landmark three then go to landmark two .
go to the twond floor and then go to the purple room .
go to orange room , but do not go to blue room .
go to landmark one but remain on the third floor .
go to the third floor without going through the green room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go from the yellow room to the red room
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark one .
go to the yellow room through the blue room .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the purple room .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark one .
go to the red room through landmark two
go to the green room through the orange room
avoid landmark three while traveling to landmark two. once there , you may travel to landmark three .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the purple room .
go to landmark one but remain on the first floor .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the green room .
go to the third floor but never go to the purple room .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to the second floor via the yellow room .
travel through the purple room then go to the red room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the yellow room
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark two
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
avoid the purple room until after going to the first floor .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark three .
first go to landmark three , then go to the blue room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the orange room
remain on the first floor while going to the red room .
avoid the yellow room
remain on the first floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark two .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark three .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
go to the green room by first going through landmark three .
go to yellow room and then to orange room
go to the green room by touching the blue room .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to the green room through the yellow room
go from the red room to the green room
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark one
go from twond floor to orange room .
move to the orange room without leaving the second floor .
travel through the orange room then go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room through landmark one .
go to the first floor then move to the yellow room .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark three
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the purple room
move to landmark one. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark one .
head to landmark three without changing floors .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
navigate to the red room through the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the orange room .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the green room .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the first floor .
pass through the blue room before going to the second floor .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark two .
go to the second floor via landmark three .
avoid the red room , navigate to the yellow room .
go through landmark one before going to the red room .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark one .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the first floor .
head to the red room but first go to the first floor .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the purple room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark two
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark three .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark three .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark three
do directly to landmark two without leaving the red room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark two .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the first floor .
avoid the green room until going to the third floor .
move to landmark two , but go through the orange room first .
move to landmark two , but go through the red room first .
go to blue room and then to purple room
without leaving the red room go to landmark three .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
always go through the purple room before going to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor via the red room .
go to purple room and then to orange room
go to the first floor by first going through the orange room .
visit the third floor and then proceed to the second floor .
visit landmark three but do n't leave the second floor .
go to yellow room and then to red room
go to landmark three while always avoiding the yellow room
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
navigate to the green room through the blue room .
move to landmark two without leaving the first floor .
go through the first floor to the red room .
go to the green room through landmark one .
go to the blue room , then go to the orange room .
go to the third floor then go to the second floor .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the green room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark two
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the red room
go to landmark two but do not first go through the blue room .
go to landmark three then go to the third floor .
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark three .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark one through the onest floor
go to the orange room without going to the blue room .
move to the red room and then the purple room .
go from the first floor to landmark one .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark three
go through landmark one and navigate to the purple room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the yellow room .
go to the orange room , then go to the red room .
go through the red room to the second floor .
go from the twond floor to the red room
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
do not go into the green room until going to landmark three
always go to landmark one before navigating to the green room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
avoid landmark one until after you go to landmark two .
avoid landmark one until going to the orange room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark two .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the green room .
avoid the purple room until going to the third floor .
avoid landmark one until going to the green room .
go to landmark two without changing floors
avoid landmark one until after the purple room
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the purple room
advance to landmark three but always avoid the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the yellow room .
go to the red room and avoid the green room .
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark three .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the green room .
go from the purple room to the orange room
go to the blue room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark two .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark two .
go to the third floor without going to the green room .
head to landmark one after going to the blue room .
always go through the purple room to get to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three until after the blue room
move to landmark one , but go through the green room first .
avoid the red room until reaching landmark three .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark one .
pass through the green room on your way to the first floor .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
go to the red room without going to the green room
stay on the first floor and go to the red room .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark one .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
go to landmark two by only navigating within the red room .
go to the purple room without going through the orange room .
go to the third floor
go to the red room without touching landmark three .
go to the twond floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark two .
avoid the landmark one and go to the third floor .
move towards blue room and then to first floor .
avoid the landmark two and go to the second floor .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room and go to the red room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the blue room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the yellow room .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark one
go to landmark three and avoid the green room
go to the purple room through the second floor
go to landmark two and then go to the third floor .
go to landmark three without changing floors
avoid the purple room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the second floor .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the green room .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark three .
move to landmark one , but go through the purple room first .
go to the landmark three before going to landmark two
go to the blue room but do not enter the green room first .
avoid the green room until you go through the yellow room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the orange room .
avoid the red room until you go to the purple room .
go from onest floor to landmark two .
move to the purple room then continue to the yellow room .
go to the second floor by going through landmark one .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the orange room
go to the blue room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the green room .
go to landmark two before going to the purple room
go to the yellow room before going to the green room .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark one .
go through the second floor and navigate to the green room .
avoid the red room and travel to the purple room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the purple room .
go to the second floor through landmark three .
go to landmark one before going to the yellow room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the red room .
go to landmark three , then head to the third floor .
go to the blue room only through the onest floor
go to landmark one before navigating to the third floor .
move to the blue room and then the yellow room .
go to orange room and then to green room
move to landmark three without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the purple room .
go to landmark three and avoid the purple room .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the orange room .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark three .
go to first floor without going into the orange room
go to first floor
go to landmark one avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark one .
visit the green room and then move to the third floor .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the blue room .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark three .
go to purple room and then to yellow room
always go to landmark two before navigating to the purple room .
avoid landmark one and go to the green room .
stay in the purple room to get to landmark one .
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to the yellow room before going to the red room .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark two .
move to the purple room and then the yellow room .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the first floor .
move to the third floor without entering the yellow room .
go to landmark three and then to landmark two .
go to the blue room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the red room and then go to landmark one .
remain on the second floor while going to the red room .
move to landmark two , but travel to the onest floor first .
go to landmark three before going to the purple room
go to landmark two and always avoid the yellow room
navigate to the orange room staying on the first floor .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
go through the red room and navigate to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the orange room .
move to the first floor , travelling through the red room .
navigate to the second floor through the third floor .
go directly to landmark one .
go to the second floor then go to landmark one .
go to landmark two through the green room .
go to the second floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the orange room .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark one .
go to the first floor and then go to the green room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark one before going to the green room .
go to the red room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the green room .
go to the second floor by first going through the red room .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark one .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark one .
go to the orange room without going to the purple room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the purple room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to the second floor and then to landmark two .
robot , go to the purple room .
head to landmark two after going to the purple room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to green room .
visit the purple room and then move to the third floor .
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the first floor .
move towards red room and then to third floor .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark two .
avoid the red room until navigating to the purple room .
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark three .
go to the green room before going to the purple room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the red room .
go to the blue room while staying on the second floor .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark two .
go to landmark one without leaving green room .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the green room .
go to the green room before going to the yellow room .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two
avoid landmark three and go to the red room .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark one always avoiding the blue room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one .
go through the red room before going to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to landmark three .
avoid the purple room and go to the second floor .
visit the third floor then go to the second floor .
go from the second floor to the red room
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark one avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark one .
go to the twond floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
go to the landmark one before going to landmark two
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
avoid landmark one and move into the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the purple room
go to the red room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark one .
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark one .
go to the purple room by first going through the orange room .
go through the blue room to the second floor .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the green room .
go to the orange room through the purple room .
avoid the purple room until landmark two .
go to the blue room through the twond floor
always avoid the red room , go to landmark three .
always avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
go to the first floor then go landmark two .
go to the third floor and then go to the green room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to purple room .
go to third floor without going into the red room
go to landmark two and then go to the blue room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark two
stay on the first floor while going to the green room .
go to the third floor by first going through the red room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the green room .
go to the green room and avoid the red room .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark three .
go to landmark three avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark three .
go to landmark two while avoiding going through any other objects
stay on the second floor while going to the orange room .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
stay in the red room and go to landmark two and stop
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark one .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
go to the yellow room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the green room .
go through the yellow room before going to the green room .
always avoid going to landmark one through the yellow room
first go to to landmark three then go to the orange room .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the orange room .
go through landmark three before going to the green room .
move to the green room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the green room , then go to the second floor .
move to the orange room .
go to orange room and then to yellow room
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark two .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the green room .
avoid the blue room until going through landmark two .
go to the twond floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark one .
go to landmark two through the red room
go to landmark two and always avoid the green room
always go through the blue room and then to landmark three .
go through the purple room before going to the green room .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
without leaving the third floor go to the green room .
avoid the red room
go to the third floor then go to landmark three .
go to the red room through the blue room .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark two
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the second floor .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the red room .
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark three .
go to landmark one , then head to the second floor .
go to landmark two before going to the purple room .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark two .
go to landmark two but avoid landmark one .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
avoid the orange room and travel to the yellow room .
go to landmark one without changing floors
go to landmark three and then go to the second floor .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark one .
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark two .
go to landmark two and then go to the yellow room .
go to the onest floor through the purple room
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark one .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
go to landmark one through the third floor .
go through the red room first , then go to the purple room .
go to landmark three and then the red room
go through landmark three to the first floor .
avoid the landmark three and go to the first floor .
go to the purple room and avoid the orange room .
go to the red room through the orange room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room and go to the purple room .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the twond floor , then go to the blue room
move to the blue room and then move to landmark one .
go to the blue room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to landmark three and then the yellow room
go through the yellow room before going to landmark two
avoid the red room until you go to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark two .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room and avoid the green room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the purple room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark one without changing floors .
go to the purple room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the yellow room .
stay in the green room to get to landmark three .
move to the third floor but go through landmark three first .
go to landmark two and remain within the orange room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the orange room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark two
navigate to the blue room by passing through the second floor .
avoid the red room and go to landmark one
go through the first floor to the orange room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the yellow room
go to the third floor without going to the yellow room .
go through landmark three before going to the blue room .
go to the orange room without going to landmark one .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the blue room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark three .
navigate from the third floor to the blue room .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
proceed to the red room by going through the orange room .
go to the green room and avoid the yellow room .
go to landmark three without going to landmark one
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two .
go from twond floor to green room .
visit the green room and then move to the second floor .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the purple room .
move to landmark two after moving to the third floor .
from the first floor , navigate to the yellow room .
pass through the green room before going to the third floor .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark two .
avoid landmark one until you go to landmark three .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the red room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
go to landmark three without leaving yellow room .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the orange room .
go to the orange room , then go to the second floor .
navigate to the third floor through the red room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark one .
navigate to landmark one through the blue room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
go through the orange room before going to the third floor .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to third floor .
always avoid the red room , go to the first floor .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the yellow room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the purple room .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the yellow room .
go to landmark two and then the yellow room
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to landmark one and then the red room
go to landmark three through the orange room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the orange room .
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark two .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to first floor .
go to the red room and avoid landmark one .
avoid the green room until going through landmark one .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the yellow room .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark two .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the red room .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark two .
go from the onest floor to landmark three
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
navigate to the first floor through the orange room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the blue room .
go through landmark one before going to the third floor .
avoid landmark one until reaching the blue room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the purple room .
always go through the green room and then to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until after the red room
avoid the orange room until going to the blue room .
avoid landmark three until going to landmark one .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark one .
go to the purple room and then go to the red room .
go to landmark one by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go through the blue room first , then go to the orange room .
pass through landmark one on your way to the first floor .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the green room .
go to the second floor via the purple room .
go through the green room to landmark three .
go to landmark three and then to landmark two
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the blue room .
avoid landmark two and go to the blue room .
move to landmark three but avoid landmark one .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the green room .
navigate to landmark three through the orange room .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the purple room .
go through the green room to the second floor .
go to the third floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
stay on the first floor and go to landmark two .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the green room .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark two
go to landmark three before going to the orange room .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
avoid the red room and travel to the yellow room .
always avoid going to landmark three through the yellow room
navigate to the purple room through the blue room .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to second floor .
go to landmark three by going through landmark one
go to the first floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
avoid the purple room and go to the green room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
go to the orange room and then navigate to the red room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the red room
avoid landmark three and go to the third floor .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark three .
go to the first floor and avoid the green room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the red room .
move to the green room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
navigate to landmark three through the first floor .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark one .
remain on the third floor and move to the red room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the purple room .
travel through the red room then go to the yellow room .
go through the green room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark one , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark one .
go through the purple room before going to landmark two
go through landmark one to the purple room .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark three
go to landmark three by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
move to landmark three without leaving the first floor .
go to landmark three but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to landmark three always avoiding the orange room .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the orange room .
go through the red room before going to the third floor .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
go to landmark one through the red room
avoid landmark two and move into the red room .
go to the green room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
go to the second floor then go landmark one .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the blue room through landmark two
navigate to the yellow room .
go through the green room before going to landmark one
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the orange room .
go through landmark one and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the third floor and then go to the purple room .
go to anywhere on the first floor .
head to landmark two without changing floors .
avoid landmark one until going to the blue room .
go to the purple room through the twond floor
navigate to the third floor before going to the orange room .
go through the green room to the red room .
move to landmark three. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to landmark three but do not enter the green room first .
go to the second floor then the first floor .
always avoid the purple room and go to the green room .
go from twond floor to purple room .
go to landmark two , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark three .
go to the green room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark three .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark three .
avoid the red room until going to the orange room .
go to the blue room through the second floor .
avoid the blue room and go to the second floor .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
avoid landmark two until you go to the blue room .
head to the orange room but first go to the second floor .
always avoid the green room and go to the orange room .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the second floor .
go through the blue room to landmark one .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark two .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the first floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
avoid the purple room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the purple room .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark two .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the blue room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark three .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the second floor .
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark two
go to the orange room but do not enter the red room first .
always avoid landmark three and go to the blue room .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark three .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the orange room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark two .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark three
stay in the green room and go to landmark three
go to the onest floor through the orange room
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two .
go through the orange room and navigate to the third floor .
stay on the first floor and go to landmark one .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark three .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark three .
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
go to the purple room without going to landmark two .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the orange room .
go to landmark three before going to the red room .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark one .
go through landmark three and navigate to the purple room .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark three .
pass through the red room on your way to the first floor .
go to the purple room without going to the red room .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the red room .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until going to the green room .
move to landmark one .
navigate to the red room but never go to the purple room .
go through the green room before going to landmark three
go through the red room to the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the first floor .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark three .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark three .
move to landmark one without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the blue room .
avoid the purple room until going to the first floor .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one. if you reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
go to landmark two but remain on the first floor .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark two .
navigate to the first floor via the green room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the orange room .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark two .
navigate to the purple room after going to the second floor .
go to the orange room by touching the blue room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the blue room .
first go to landmark one , then go to the red room .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark two .
move to the blue room and then the green room .
proceed to landmark one but avoid landmark three on the way . if you have reached landmark one then you can proceed to landmark three .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark three .
navigate to the red room staying on the first floor .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the blue room .
move to the green room without leaving the first floor .
avoid landmark two until you pass through red room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the red room
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark three .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go to the red room and avoid the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until passing landmark one .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark two .
navigate through landmark one to the first floor .
go to the onest floor through the green room
avoid landmark three until reaching the purple room .
from the third floor , navigate to the green room .
go to the first floor through landmark three .
avoid the red room until you enter the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until you go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the yellow room .
proceed to the green room by going through the red room .
stay on the third floor while going to the red room .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the yellow room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three
avoid the green room until going to the orange room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark two
go to the purple room avoiding landmark three .
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark two .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark one .
avoid the green room and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until you pass through purple room .
avoid landmark three until you navigate to landmark two .
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark two .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to blue room and then to red room
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three
avoid the green room and go to landmark one
first move to landmark three then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark one and then to landmark three
go through landmark one before going to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until you go to landmark two .
avoid the blue room and travel to the orange room .
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to landmark two before navigating to the third floor .
go to the green room while staying on the second floor .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the blue room , then go to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the green room .
move towards yellow room and then to first floor .
go to the second floor through landmark two .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark two .
head to landmark two after going to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the yellow room .
avoid landmark one and move into the purple room .
go from twond floor to purple room .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark two .
go through the blue room to the first floor .
go to landmark two
go to the second floor without going to the green room .
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark three .
first navigate to landmark one , then go to landmark two .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the yellow room .
navigate to the red room by passing through the second floor .
go to landmark three and then go to the onest floor .
go to landmark two before going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three without changing floors
go to the second floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the purple room
go to or through landmark two. always avoid going to landmark two through landmark three
navigate to landmark one through the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the blue room .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark three .
go to landmark three by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the third floor .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark two .
go through the blue room and navigate to the first floor .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the green room .
go to the first floor before you go to the second floor .
go to the orange room and then go to the green room .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark two .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark three
go to landmark three through the purple room
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark one .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark three .
go to the green room through landmark three .
head to the purple room but first go to the second floor .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark two .
go to the purple room and then go to the orange room .
go to the blue room but do not enter the red room first .
go to the red room without going to the purple room
go to the orange room and avoid landmark two .
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark one .
go to landmark two before navigating to the second floor .
navigate to the green room after going to the second floor .
proceed to the green room .
go to the red room by first going through the blue room .
go through the blue room before going to the second floor .
go to the twond floor , then go to the blue room
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the yellow room .
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark three .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the red room
go through landmark two before going to the purple room .
navigate to the yellow room through the green room .
pass through the orange room before going to the third floor .
avoid the blue room until landmark one .
go to second floor without going into the green room
avoid the purple room until you go to the red room .
go from the twond floor to the green room
go to blue room and then to yellow room
move to the first floor without entering the purple room .
go from the first floor to the yellow room .
go to the green room without going to landmark two .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the orange room .
move to the red room without leaving the first floor .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
go to the first floor via landmark two .
go to landmark one and then go to the yellow room .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
navigate from the second floor to the red room .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the purple room .
go to landmark one without changing floors .
go to the third floor then go to the first floor .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
go to the second floor , then go to the green room .
go to the blue room through landmark two .
move towards purple room and then to second floor .
move to the red room and then move to landmark one .
go to the first floor by first going through the yellow room .
go to landmark three and proceed to landmark one .
go to landmark two and remain within the green room .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the red room .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
go to the orange room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to the red room , then go to the second floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
from the second floor , navigate to the green room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the second floor before going to the orange room .
without leaving the second floor go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to landmark one and then the blue room
without leaving the orange room go to landmark three .
go to the first floor and avoid the red room .
go through landmark one before going to the purple room .
go to the orange room through the first floor .
go to the green room and avoid the purple room .
go to landmark two while avoiding the first and third floor .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the blue room .
go to the second floor and then to landmark three .
go through the third floor to the red room
avoid the yellow room and go to the second floor .
go to landmark one without leaving yellow room .
move to the red room then continue to the green room .
go to the green room and avoid landmark three .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
go to landmark three and then the purple room
avoid landmark two until you pass through blue room .
move to the red room and then move to landmark three .
go to the onest floor through the orange room
navigate directly to the second floor .
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark two
avoid the yellow room until you go through the red room .
go to the third floor , then head to the first floor .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark three .
go from twond floor to red room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three .
move to the purple room .
go to the onest floor through landmark two
go to the orange room through the second floor
always go through the red room to get to the green room .
go to the red room , then go to the first floor .
from the second floor , navigate to the first floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark two and stop
move to the blue room without changing floors .
avoid landmark two until going to the blue room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one and stop
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark three .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark one
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark three .
navigate directly to landmark two .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark two .
go to landmark two and then go to the second floor .
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the third floor .
move to the second floor by going through the orange room
go to the orange room without going to the red room
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark two through the orange room
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the second floor .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the orange room .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the green room .
always avoid the blue room , go to the second floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the yellow room
move to the second floor but go through landmark two first .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark three .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark one .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
go through the blue room then to the third floor .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark three .
navigate to the second floor via the yellow room .
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the orange room
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the green room .
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
without leaving the first floor go to the orange room .
always go through landmark three and then to the orange room .
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark three .
visit the yellow room and then move to the third floor .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the yellow room
go to the red room and avoid the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the second floor .
move to the second floor without entering the green room .
avoid the green room until you enter the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the red room .
go to the orange room without going to the purple room .
go to the yellow room through the second floor .
go from twond floor to purple room .
navigate to the yellow room through the purple room .
go to landmark two .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the red room .
remain on the second floor and move to the orange room .
go to the third floor through landmark two .
move to the green room .
go through the green room to landmark one .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the second floor without going through the green room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go to landmark one through the orange room
head to the blue room and then head to the second floor .
go from the third floor to the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room by passing through the first floor .
pass through the orange room on your way to the second floor .
avoid the green room until you go through the purple room .
go to the blue room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the yellow room .
move to the green room without changing floors .
navigate through landmark three to the third floor .
go to the second floor through the yellow room .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark three .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two and stop
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark two .
go to the third floor then the second floor .
go to landmark two , then head to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the green room .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark two
go to the orange room , then go to landmark two .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark three .
avoid the red room until after going to the second floor .
go from the second floor to the red room .
proceed to the red room by going through the green room .
go to landmark one without leaving the orange room .
avoid the green room until you go to the first floor .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark one .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the purple room .
go from the blue room to the yellow room
navigate to the third floor through the green room .
go to landmark one , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the red room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the second floor .
avoid the orange room until going to the first floor .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark three .
go to the second floor through landmark one .
avoid landmark three and proceed to landmark two
remain on the first floor while going to the green room .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark two .
go to landmark two through landmark one
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the purple room .
go through the first floor to the red room
avoid the orange room until reaching the first floor .
stay in the green room and go to landmark three and stop
avoid landmark two until after the blue room
go to landmark one , then head to the third floor .
avoid the red room until you go to the orange room .
avoid landmark three until you pass through red room .
go to the blue room via landmark three .
go through the third floor to the red room .
go to the yellow room by touching the purple room .
go to the blue room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the orange room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the blue room .
always go through the orange room to get to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark three
go to the second floor by first going through the blue room .
avoid landmark three while traveling to landmark one. once there , you may travel to landmark three .
avoid landmark two until going to the orange room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to red room .
go to the red room and avoid landmark three .
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
avoid landmark three and go to the first floor .
go to the orange room by first going through the red room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the blue room .
go to the orange room by first going through the yellow room .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room
go to landmark one after going to landmark three .
move to the green room and then the yellow room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark one .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the orange room
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark one .
go from twond floor to green room .
avoid landmark one until after the orange room
avoid landmark one and move into the blue room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark two
go through landmark three to the third floor .
go to the third floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the first floor .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the blue room
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark two .
navigate directly to landmark one .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one. if you have reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the green room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the orange room .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark one .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the orange room .
go to the first floor after going to the second floor .
move to the third floor by going through the green room
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
go from the first floor to landmark two .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark one .
go to the third floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
first go to landmark two , then go to the green room .
go through the yellow room before going to the second floor .
always avoid the yellow room , go to the first floor .
go to landmark two while staying on the second floor .
got to landmark three through the green room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the first floor .
first go to to landmark three then go to the blue room .
go from the twond floor to the orange room
go to landmark two avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark two .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the yellow room .
go through landmark one and navigate to the orange room .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the third floor .
go through landmark three and navigate to the red room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the blue room .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark one .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the orange room .
avoid the orange room until going to the second floor .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the yellow room .
without leaving the second floor go to the yellow room .
go through the purple room before going to landmark two
move to the blue room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to the green room without going to the red room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the red room .
move to the orange room and then the red room .
go to landmark one .
stay on the first floor while going to the orange room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark one .
go through landmark two before going to the third floor .
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark two .
go through the third floor to the green room .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the purple room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the green room .
go through the purple room to the green room .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark two .
go to the second floor but never go to the orange room .
go to landmark two from the first floor only .
avoid the green room until you go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room through the first floor
go to landmark one and always avoid the blue room
go to the orange room while always avoiding the blue room
go to yellow room , but do not go to blue room .
first go to landmark one , then go to the orange room .
from the third floor , navigate to the second floor .
go to the second floor through the purple room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
go to the first floor avoiding the green room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the green room
go through landmark one before going to the orange room .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the red room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until going to the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the purple room .
navigate to the second floor .
go to the first floor via the orange room .
move to the green room and then move to landmark three .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark two .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the orange room .
move to landmark two , but travel to the onest floor first .
navigate through landmark three and go to the green room .
head to the blue room but first go to the first floor .
go to second floor without going into the purple room
always go through the yellow room to get to the purple room .
go through landmark three on your way to the third floor .
go to the third floor then go to the red room
go to the third floor by first going through the green room .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark two .
go through the green room before going to the yellow room .
go to the purple room but do not enter the orange room first .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
go to the purple room and avoid the blue room .
go to landmark three without leaving green room .
go through landmark two to the purple room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the red room .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the second floor .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark three .
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
always avoid the red room and go to the green room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the red room .
go to landmark three only through the twond floor
head to the purple room .
navigate to the green room through the red room .
go through the green room before going to the orange room .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark one .
go to the orange room by first going through the green room .
navigate to landmark two .
go to the green room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room through the orange room
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark three .
go to the green room only through the onest floor
go to the second floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
go from the twond floor to the red room
avoid the yellow room and go to the green room .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark two
go through landmark three and then to the onest floor .
go to the blue room through the third floor .
avoid the green room until passing landmark two .
avoid the purple room until you go through the yellow room .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark one
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the yellow room .
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the third floor .
navigate to landmark two through the green room .
head to landmark two after going to the green room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
go to the red room without going to landmark one .
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to the twond floor and then go to the blue room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark one
go to the onest floor through the red room
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one and stop
pass through the green room before going to the first floor .
go to landmark two through landmark one .
go to landmark two avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark two .
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark three
go to the purple room through the green room .
go to landmark three without leaving orange room .
go to the first floor without going through the red room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark two .
go to the first floor via the red room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the orange room .
go through the red room to landmark one .
first go to to landmark three then go to the green room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
go to the orange room without going to the green room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the green room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark two
visit landmark one but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark three .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark one .
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
go through the purple room before going to the second floor .
go to or through landmark three avoiding going through landmark one
always avoid landmark one and go to the blue room .
go to landmark three by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark two .
go to landmark one but always stay away from landmark three .
go through the first floor and navigate to the red room .
move to the purple room and then the green room .
pass through landmark three before going to the first floor .
head to the blue room but first go to the second floor .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to the yellow room , then go to the second floor .
go to landmark one always avoiding the purple room .
avoid landmark one and move into the orange room .
move to the purple room then continue to the red room .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the green room .
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
avoid the red room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the third floor .
always go through the green room and then to landmark three .
go to the second floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark one .
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark two .
go through the green room and navigate to the first floor .
move to landmark three , but go through the purple room first .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two. if you have reached landmark two then you can go to landmark three .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the purple room .
avoid the green room until going to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until reaching the orange room .
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
avoid the green room until landmark one .
go from the twond floor to the purple room
avoid the orange room , navigate to the green room .
navigate from the third floor to the red room .
navigate to the second floor through the blue room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room .
go through the second floor to the red room .
go to the red room and avoid the blue room .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark three .
go to the yellow room through the red room
go to the green room through the yellow room .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark one .
go to landmark one before going to the yellow room
go to the green room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark two .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
avoid the green room until you go to the yellow room .
start on the threerd floor , go directly to the onest floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the orange room .
go to landmark three without leaving red room .
go to the orange room via landmark two .
go directly to landmark three .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark three .
avoid landmark one while traveling to landmark three. once there , you may travel to landmark one .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the first floor .
go through the first floor and navigate to the orange room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark two and always avoid the purple room
move to landmark two and then proceed to the purple room .
go to landmark three always avoiding the red room .
avoid landmark three until after the green room
always avoid going to landmark two through the purple room
go from twond floor to red room .
go from onest floor to landmark two .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you go to the green room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the red room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until landmark one .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark one .
pass through the purple room before going to the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the third floor .
go to the green room by first going through the orange room .
go to the blue room without going to landmark two .
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the green room by first visiting landmark three .
go from the orange room to the green room
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark one .
go through landmark one to landmark two .
move to landmark three after moving to the second floor .
always go through the orange room to get to the purple room .
avoid landmark three until you go to the purple room .
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark two before going to the red room .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark one .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the red room .
move to the green room then continue to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark one .
go to second floor without going into the red room
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark three .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the first floor .
always go through the blue room to get to the orange room .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark three .
go to landmark two .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the third floor .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark two from the second floor only .
avoid the red room until you go through the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the orange room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark two .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to the second floor then go landmark two .
go to the green room without going to the orange room
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark three
go to the second floor , then go to the red room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
proceed to the orange room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the blue room first .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark three .
avoid the red room until going to the purple room .
got to landmark two through the green room .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the blue room .
move to the first floor by going through the red room
go to landmark one then go to the red room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark two
go to the twond floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the red room through landmark one .
stay on the second floor and go to the green room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the blue room .
navigate to the second floor before going to the purple room .
go to the purple room by touching the orange room .
without leaving the first floor go to the red room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the green room
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the yellow room
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the red room .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the green room through the first floor .
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark two .
go through landmark two before going to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark one
go to the onest floor through landmark two
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark one .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark two .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark one .
go to landmark three through the orange room
go to the yellow room through landmark three .
avoid the yellow room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to landmark two through the blue room
go to landmark one before going to landmark two .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark one .
go through the third floor to the first floor .
go to the red room without ever leaving the first floor .
go through the blue room to the third floor .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the purple room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark one
navigate to the red room staying on the third floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark three
visit the orange room and then move to the second floor .
go to the second floor then move to the green room .
go to landmark two from the third floor only .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the green room .
go to landmark one before going to the first floor .
go to landmark two and then the purple room
go to landmark two without changing floors
move to the green room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark one .
always go through the red room before going to landmark two .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the purple room .
pass through landmark two before going to the third floor .
go to landmark three after navigating to the second floor .
go to the red room by first going through landmark two .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark one .
avoid the purple room until going to the second floor .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the green room .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room .
go to the orange room through the third floor
navigate to the first floor through the yellow room .
navigate through landmark three to the first floor .
go to landmark two before going to the blue room
go to the purple room by first going through the red room .
go to landmark three before going to the first floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the purple room
avoid the green room and go to the red room .
go to landmark one and remain within the orange room .
get to landmark two , while avoiding landmark one
go through landmark two on your way to the third floor .
go to the blue room while staying on the first floor .
navigate to landmark one through the green room .
from the third floor , navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the purple room
always avoid landmark two and go to the blue room .
navigate from the second floor to the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the third floor .
move to the first floor by going through the orange room
travel through the yellow room then go to the green room .
go through landmark one on your way to the second floor .
go to the green room avoiding landmark three .
go to the green room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the yellow room .
robot , go to the yellow room .
go from the second floor to the yellow room
go through the yellow room then to the second floor .
avoid the purple room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the purple room .
always avoid the blue room and go to the green room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark two .
go to the second floor by first going through the purple room .
go through the blue room first , then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor and then go directly to the second floor .
go to landmark two and then the green room
go to the third floor then move to the orange room .
visit the first floor and then proceed to the second floor .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark three
go to the second floor then move to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the third floor .
go through the third floor to the green room
always avoid the green room and go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you go through the blue room .
go through landmark three before going to the red room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until going to the second floor .
go through the purple room before going to landmark three
go to the twond floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
navigate to the second floor through the orange room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the second floor .
avoid the red room , navigate to the purple room .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark one .
go through the blue room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two. if you reached landmark two then you can go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark one .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room and travel to the green room .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the red room .
first go to landmark three , then go to the purple room .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the yellow room .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the purple room first .
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the green room .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark two .
avoid the orange room until you go through the green room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one
navigate to the purple room by passing through the second floor .
go to red room and then to purple room
go to the third floor via landmark three .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the green room
avoid the yellow room and go to the first floor .
go to landmark two through the second floor .
go to the green room while avoiding landmark one
go to the orange room and then navigate to the purple room .
go from the yellow room to the green room
avoid landmark three until going to landmark two .
go to the purple room and avoid the green room .
go to landmark two and then go to the onest floor .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the green room .
go to the red room .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the purple room .
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to the green room before you go to landmark three .
move to the blue room then continue to the green room .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark two .
go to the second floor without going to the blue room .
stay in the blue room to get to landmark one .
go to the red room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room through the red room .
go to the green room without going to the purple room
navigate through landmark two and go to the blue room .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark three .
navigate to the red room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the yellow room .
without leaving the first floor go to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the yellow room
first go to landmark one , then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark three , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
go to purple room , but do not go to red room .
always avoid landmark three and go to the third floor .
go to the twond floor , then go to the blue room
go from onest floor to landmark two .
navigate through landmark one and go to the orange room .
always go through landmark one and then to the orange room .
go to the first floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the orange room
go to landmark three without leaving blue room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the blue room .
avoid the green room until after going to the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the red room .
travel through the purple room then go to the green room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the green room by first visiting landmark two .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the orange room .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark three
do not go into the red room until going to landmark two
avoid landmark one and go to the blue room .
go to landmark two and remain within the yellow room .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the orange room .
go to the blue room through the twond floor
go to the purple room by touching the blue room .
navigate to the third floor via the green room .
go to the landmark two
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
move to the first floor but go through landmark one first .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark two .
go through the red room and navigate to the third floor .
always go through the yellow room to get to the orange room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the orange room .
move to landmark three , but go through the green room first .
go to landmark one through landmark three
go to the onest floor through landmark two
go to landmark three then go to the second floor .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark two .
go to the first floor and then go to the blue room .
head to landmark one after going to the red room .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark two .
avoid the purple room until you go through the blue room .
go to the purple room through landmark three .
go to landmark one and avoid the blue room .
avoid landmark three until after you go to landmark two .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
pass through the green room on your way to the second floor .
always avoid going to landmark one through the purple room
go to or through landmark three. always avoid going to landmark three through landmark one
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor via the purple room .
go to the second floor and then go to the orange room .
go to landmark one through the purple room .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark two .
head to the purple room and then head to the second floor .
move to the orange room then continue to the purple room .
go to the third floor then go to the green room
remain on the first floor and move to the purple room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark three .
remain on the third floor while going to the yellow room .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
navigate to the third floor through the yellow room .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
navigate to the first floor through the second floor .
navigate to the second floor before going to the yellow room .
navigate to the green room after going to the first floor .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark three .
go to the purple room
go to the third floor through the yellow room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the orange room
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the second floor .
go to the second floor .
go to the purple room but do not enter the yellow room first .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark one .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the third floor .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark three .
go to yellow room and then to purple room
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark two
go to the yellow room by first going through the green room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the green room .
travel through the green room then go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark two .
go to landmark two then go to the second floor .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark three .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark three .
go to the green room without going through the red room .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
avoid the orange room until you go through the red room .
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark three .
go from the second floor to the green room
go to the first floor and then go to the purple room .
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
go to the second floor but never go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to the blue room without touching landmark two .
go to the first floor , then go to the second floor .
go to the first floor , then head to the second floor .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark two .
avoid landmark two and go to the red room .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark one .
go to the orange room , then go to the green room .
remain on the third floor while going to the green room .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
avoid the purple room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the purple room .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the blue room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark three and then go to the onest floor .
avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
navigate to the red room staying on the second floor .
go to landmark two without leaving the red room .
go through the orange room to landmark three .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark three then go to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the third floor .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark two .
head to landmark one after going to the purple room .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark two .
go through landmark one and navigate to the green room .
travel to landmark three .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
go to the third floor , then go to the red room .
avoid the orange room until landmark three .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the red room .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark two .
move to the second floor but go through landmark three first .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the red room .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the red room .
avoid the orange room until reaching the third floor .
move to the second floor .
go to landmark three but do not enter the orange room first .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the green room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the orange room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the green room
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark three .
remain on the first floor and move to the orange room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark two .
go to landmark one and remain within the yellow room .
avoid landmark one and go to the first floor .
go to the first floor but never go to the orange room .
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark three .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the third floor then move to the red room .
go to landmark three while avoiding the first and third floor .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor before going to the orange room .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the red room .
navigate to the blue room after going to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the blue room .
go through the purple room to the orange room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark one
go to the orange room and avoid the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark three .
avoid landmark two and go to the purple room .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark two .
stay on the third floor while going to the yellow room .
go to the blue room without going to landmark one .
pass through the blue room on your way to the third floor .
go to the purple room without going to the red room
go to landmark one by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
go to landmark three before going to the blue room .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark three through the blue room .
go to the red room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
always go through landmark two and then to the green room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the red room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the green room .
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark one
always avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the orange room .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark one .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the red room .
go to the red room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
avoid the purple room until you go to the yellow room .
go through the third floor to the yellow room
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark three .
go from the twond floor to the red room
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
visit the yellow room and then move to the second floor .
navigate to the red room through the orange room .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark one .
go from the first floor to the red room .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
avoid landmark three and go to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor before going to the purple room .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
go to the first floor but avoid the yellow room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark two .
go to the third floor without going to the purple room .
avoid the green room until navigating to the orange room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the green room .
go to the red room and then go to landmark three .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the orange room .
navigate to the second floor through the yellow room .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark two .
move to the orange room without leaving the third floor .
go to the orange room while staying on the third floor .
navigate to the blue room staying on the first floor .
always go through landmark three and then to the yellow room .
go through the blue room to the purple room .
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the orange room .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the blue room .
avoid the green room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the second floor .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark three .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the green room only through the onest floor
go to landmark two by going through landmark three
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the orange room
visit landmark one but do n't leave the third floor .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two. if you 've reached landmark two then you can go to landmark one .
go to the twond floor , then go to the red room
without leaving the third floor go to the orange room .
head to the green room .
stay on the third floor and go to the orange room .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the blue room .
go to the third floor , and then go to the first floor .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the blue room .
move to the second floor by going through the red room
avoid landmark three until navigating to the purple room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the red room .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark one .
avoid the green room until you enter the red room .
navigate to the second floor before going to the first floor .
go to the purple room through landmark one
navigate to landmark three then continue to the orange room .
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
from the second floor , navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark three and remain within the blue room .
avoid landmark three until after reaching landmark two .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark one .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark three .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark two .
go to landmark one and then go to the green room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three .
go through the first floor to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the yellow room .
move towards yellow room and then to third floor .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the red room .
got to landmark one through the green room .
go to the first floor but avoid the orange room .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
navigate to the second floor before going to the red room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one
travel through the orange room then go to the green room .
go to the red room through the twond floor
stay on the third floor and move to landmark two .
avoid the red room until you go to the second floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the green room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the red room .
go to the green room and then go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until reaching the third floor .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the green room .
go to green room and then to purple room
go to the red room without going to the green room .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark three .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the first floor .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark three .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
go to the orange room , then go to landmark one .
go to the first floor by first going through the green room .
go to the second floor via the red room .
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark three and avoid the green room .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the red room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark one .
go to the purple room without going to landmark three .
go to the second floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the second floor without going to the purple room .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark two .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until reaching the first floor .
navigate to the second floor via the red room .
go to the first floor via the yellow room .
go to the second floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark three .
avoid the green room until you go to the blue room .
avoid landmark two until you pass through green room .
got to landmark one through the green room .
go to landmark two before going to the yellow room
avoid the green room until going through landmark two .
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark two .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark two .
go to the blue room .
go through the red room first , then go to the green room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark three .
go to red room and then to orange room
go to the first floor always avoiding the orange room .
always avoid the purple room , go to the first floor .
go through the purple room to the first floor .
head to the green room and then head to the third floor .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the green room .
go to the third floor but never go to the red room .
go through landmark three to the blue room .
always go through landmark three and then to the blue room .
go to landmark three and then go to the third floor .
navigate to landmark two through the red room .
go to third floor without going into the purple room
go to the landmark one before going to landmark three
move to landmark two .
always go through the green room to get to the purple room .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark two .
go to the first floor without going through the green room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go to the yellow room
stay on the first floor and move to landmark two .
go to the third floor and avoid the green room .
avoid the orange room until going to the yellow room .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark three .
avoid the green room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the green room .
go to landmark two without first passing through landmark one .
go to orange room and then to red room
avoid the red room until you go to the third floor .
go to landmark three without leaving the blue room .
head to landmark three without changing floors .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go to the green room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the red room .
go to the first floor then go to the yellow room
avoid landmark one until after reaching landmark three .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the purple room .
go to the orange room before going to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the blue room .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the red room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
go to the first floor but avoid the red room .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
stay in the red room to get to landmark two .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the green room until navigating to the red room .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to the red room through the second floor
go to the blue room and then go to landmark one .
go to the third floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark three through the blue room
navigate to the blue room after going to the third floor .
go through landmark three and navigate to the green room .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark one .
go to landmark two but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the second floor and then go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark three .
go to the red room through the purple room
avoid the orange room until going through landmark three .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the blue room .
move to the first floor by going through the yellow room
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark one
move to landmark three. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go through the purple room before going to the yellow room .
move to the green room without changing floors .
go to the orange room without going to the green room .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the red room .
go to the orange room and avoid the blue room .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the first floor .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the orange room .
go to landmark one and remain within the red room .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go to the third floor and then to landmark two .
go through landmark two before going to the first floor .
navigate to the red room but never go to the yellow room .
go through the first floor to the blue room
head to the orange room but first go to the first floor .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the purple room .
move to the yellow room then continue to the green room .
go through the red room before going to landmark three
go through the first floor to the green room
go to the orange room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark three .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the purple room .
go through the first floor to landmark three .
go through landmark two to the blue room .
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark one .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the green room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the red room .
always go through the blue room to get to the red room .
go to the third floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
pass through the red room on your way to the second floor .
go to green room and then to yellow room
go to the second floor and then go directly to the first floor .
navigate to the green room staying on the third floor .
stay on the third floor and go to the green room .
navigate to landmark one through the yellow room .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark three .
go to landmark two and remain within the red room .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark three .
go to landmark one through the onest floor
move to the red room without leaving the third floor .
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark two .
go through the blue room to the yellow room .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the red room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the red room .
always avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the orange room .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room
go to landmark one avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark one .
avoid the blue room until going to the third floor .
go through the third floor to the purple room
start on the threerd floor , go directly to the onest floor .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark one .
go to landmark three without leaving the orange room .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark two .
go to the orange room through the red room .
go to the third floor then go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the green room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark one before going to the orange room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the yellow room .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the green room .
head to landmark three after going to the green room .
go to landmark two but do not enter the blue room first .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark two .
go to the yellow room and then go to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor through the third floor .
navigate to the first floor via the orange room .
go to the blue room and then go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the third floor without going through the red room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
go to the twond floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the orange room .
move to the green room without leaving the third floor .
avoid the green room and go to landmark two
go to the green room , then go to the orange room .
go to the third floor but never go to the green room .
go to the second floor by first going to the third floor .
go to the third floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the orange room
go to the third floor but avoid the purple room .
move to the green room and then the orange room .
go to the onest floor through the red room
navigate to the orange room through the red room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until you go through the purple room .
visit the third floor and then proceed to the first floor .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
without leaving the third floor go to the blue room .
go through landmark three before going to the purple room .
go from the second floor to landmark one .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the yellow room
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the blue room
avoid the landmark three and go to the third floor .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
avoid landmark two until you go to the purple room .
avoid the green room until navigating to the blue room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the red room .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the green room without going to the blue room .
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
go to the first floor through the second floor .
go to the green room before going to the red room .
go to landmark two via the second floor .
go through the orange room before going to landmark three
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark three .
move to the first floor without entering the red room .
go to the yellow room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the green room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the green room
move to landmark one and then proceed to the blue room .
always avoid the orange room , go to the second floor .
navigate to landmark two through the first floor .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark two .
go to the red room through the second floor .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
first navigate to landmark three , then go to landmark two .
move to anywhere on the third floor , then move to anywhere on the second floor .
go through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
always go through landmark one and then to the purple room .
always avoid landmark three and go to the yellow room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the orange room
visit landmark one but do n't leave the first floor .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark two
go to the onest floor through the orange room
move to the first floor and then head to landmark one .
go from the twond floor to the green room
go to the twond floor , then go to the yellow room
go to the blue room without going to landmark three .
avoid the orange room and travel to the red room .
go through landmark three to the purple room .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark three .
go to landmark three via the first floor .
go through the orange room then to the first floor .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark three
head to the red room and then head to the third floor .
go to landmark one and always avoid the purple room
go to the second floor but do not go through the red room first .
go to the first floor then go to the orange room
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark three
move to landmark three and then proceed to the green room .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark two .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two
go through the yellow room before going to the first floor .
go to landmark two via the first floor .
go to red room , but do not go to purple room .
navigate to the red room through the green room .
go to the red room without going to the orange room .
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
go to the second floor , then head to the first floor .
go to the first floor then move to the orange room .
go to the red room through the yellow room .
without leaving the second floor go to the orange room .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark three .
got to landmark two through the green room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the blue room
go to the red room without going to landmark two .
go to landmark three before going to the green room
go to landmark two without leaving blue room .
go from twond floor to orange room .
avoid landmark one until you navigate to landmark three .
go to the orange room/landmark two through landmark three/green room
go to second floor without going into the orange room
go to landmark one without changing floors .
go to landmark two through the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark three .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the purple room .
go from the third floor to the red room .
navigate to the orange room through the purple room .
go to the third floor and then to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark three .
go to the third floor via the red room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
go to landmark three through the onest floor
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to green room , but do not go to red room .
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark two
pass through landmark one before going to the second floor .
go to landmark two without going to landmark one
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one .
go to the purple room by first going through the green room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the green room .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the yellow room .
always avoid the purple room and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room but never go to the orange room .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until reaching the second floor .
go from the orange room to the purple room
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
go to the twond floor , then go to the purple room
head to the blue room .
stay in the red room to get to landmark one .
go to orange room , but do not go to green room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three
go to the orange room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark one .
always pass landmark three before landmark two .
avoid landmark two and move into the green room .
go through the blue room before going to the purple room .
navigate through landmark one to the second floor .
avoid landmark three until reaching the red room .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the first floor .
go through the green room to the yellow room .
go to the third floor , then go to the first floor .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the orange room .
avoid the green room until going to the red room .
remain on the third floor and move to the green room .
always go through the blue room to get to the purple room .
remain on the first floor and move to the blue room .
go to the orange room by first going through the blue room .
go through the purple room before going to the first floor .
go to the second floor but avoid the red room .
go to landmark three and avoid the yellow room .
go from the third floor to the red room
without leaving the red room go to landmark two .
stay on the first floor while going to the purple room .
go to second floor without going into the yellow room
travel through the green room then go to the red room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark one .
move to landmark one. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the green room .
move to landmark one , but go through the yellow room first .
go to the red room through the first floor
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark one .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark three
go to landmark three then go to landmark two .
visit the blue room and then move to the third floor .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to third floor .
go through the green room first , then go to the yellow room .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark one .
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark three .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
go to landmark one while staying on the second floor .
go through the third floor to the blue room
go to the purple room , then go to the third floor .
go to landmark three always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark two through the purple room .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the second floor .
always avoid landmark three and go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark one .
move to the blue room then continue to the purple room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the blue room .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark one .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
go to purple room , but do not go to yellow room .
go through landmark one to the blue room .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the blue room .
go to the third floor , then go to the second floor .
go to the second floor then go to landmark two .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark one .
avoid the red room until going through landmark two .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the green room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the orange room .
proceed to the red room by going through the yellow room .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the green room .
avoid the green room and travel to the orange room .
go to the yellow room without going through the purple room .
go to the red room but do not enter the orange room first .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the blue room .
navigate to landmark two through the third floor .
go to landmark one , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark one .
go to landmark three through the purple room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
go to the orange room through the red room
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
avoid the green room until you go through the blue room .
navigate to the red room through the yellow room .
go to landmark one after navigating to the first floor .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the yellow room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the green room .
navigate to the orange room staying on the second floor .
travel through the blue room then go to the red room .
go to landmark one avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark one .
go through the second floor to the orange room
avoid landmark one until going to the red room .
go through landmark three to the yellow room .
travel through the yellow room then go to the purple room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the first floor .
always avoid the green room , go to the first floor .
go to the third floor and avoid the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the purple room .
navigate to landmark one .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one .
go to the green room while always avoiding the purple room
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark three .
go through landmark one before going to the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the purple room .
avoid the red room until you go through the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going through the red room .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the orange room .
avoid the purple room and travel to the yellow room .
go from the third floor to the blue room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the green room .
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark one .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark two .
go through landmark one to the green room .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the red room .
navigate to the blue room .
go to the third floor then the first floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to the red room .
go to the green room avoiding landmark two .
head to the yellow room and then head to the first floor .
go to the second floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
move to the yellow room without leaving the first floor .
avoid the blue room
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the yellow room
go to landmark three while always avoiding the purple room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the purple room .
go to landmark three but remain on the third floor .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
go to the first floor but do not go through the red room first .
go to the twond floor and then go to the purple room .
go to the first floor and then go to the red room .
go through the yellow room to the third floor .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark one and always avoid the green room
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark one .
go to the orange room before going to the yellow room .
move to the second floor without entering the yellow room .
go to landmark two before going to the third floor .
go to the green room while avoiding landmark three
move to landmark three without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the orange room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the blue room .
go to landmark two through the onest floor
move to the green room without changing floors .
move to the third floor without entering the red room .
go to the third floor through landmark one .
go to landmark one then go to the third floor .
go to the red room , then go to landmark three .
avoid landmark two until after the yellow room
go to the red room and then go to the green room .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark two .
go to landmark two without leaving the purple room .
go to landmark three from the first floor only .
go to the blue room , then go to the green room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
avoid the orange room until landmark two .
go to the third floor by first going through the orange room .
go to the yellow room through the first floor .
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark three .
go to the second floor avoiding the green room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the green room
remain on the third floor and move to the purple room .
always go from the third floor to the second floor .
go to landmark three and then to landmark one
always go to landmark three before navigating to the blue room .
move to the first floor without entering the yellow room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the second floor then move to the red room .
go to the first floor via landmark one .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark two .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room .
go to the purple room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the orange room .
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark three .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark three .
move to the second floor , travelling through the purple room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the red room .
move to the third floor , travelling through the green room .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark two .
proceed to the red room by going through the purple room .
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark one .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the purple room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark two
stay in the orange room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark three , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark one through the red room .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark two .
always avoid landmark three and go to the first floor .
go through landmark three to the red room .
go through the purple room first , then go to the yellow room .
go to the third floor via the blue room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark two .
move to the blue room then continue to the orange room .
avoid landmark one until going to landmark three .
go through landmark one to landmark three .
go to the purple room and then go to the green room .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the orange room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark three .
navigate through landmark three and go to the yellow room .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the yellow room .
go to landmark two .
go to the green room through the orange room .
go to landmark one from the second floor only .
go through the green room before going to landmark two
go to the second floor then go to the orange room
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark two .
go to the second floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the orange room
go to the purple room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to the red room via landmark one .
go to the third floor avoiding the green room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the green room
go to the yellow room while staying on the second floor .
go to landmark two but always stay away from landmark one .
go to the orange room and then go to the yellow room .
pass through the green room before going to the second floor .
go from the second floor to the orange room
travel through the red room then go to the orange room .
go to landmark one after navigating to the second floor .
go through the orange room to the red room .
go to the onest floor through landmark one
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go through the green room before going to the purple room .
go to the third floor via the yellow room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark three .
remain on the first floor and move to the yellow room .
go to landmark one before going to the blue room .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the third floor .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three .
go to landmark three without leaving the green room .
always go to landmark three before landmark two .
always avoid landmark three , and navigate to landmark one .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark one .
go through landmark one to the yellow room .
go through landmark one on your way to the first floor .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark three .
go to the green room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark one .
head to landmark three after going to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the green room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark three .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the red room .
go to landmark two without changing floors .
avoid the green room
go to the landmark one
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark three
navigate to the red room but never go to the green room .
go to landmark one without going to landmark three
go to the green room while avoiding landmark two
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the blue room .
without leaving the second floor go to the purple room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the red room .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark one .
navigate directly to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until going to the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the red room .
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
go to the yellow room without going through the green room .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark one .
go to landmark two and then the orange room
go to the purple room through the twond floor
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the yellow room .
go to the first floor , then go to the green room .
navigate to landmark two through the orange room .
go to landmark two and then go to the red room .
go to anywhere on the second floor .
always go through landmark two and then to the orange room .
go to landmark three before going to the green room .
move to landmark two without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the first floor .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to landmark one and then go to the blue room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
from the third floor , navigate to the blue room .
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the first floor .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two
go to the red room avoiding landmark two .
go to the green room , then go to the third floor .
always avoid going to landmark two through the yellow room
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark three .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark three .
go to the onest floor through landmark three
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark three .
navigate to the third floor .
avoid the red room
first move to landmark two then navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark two and avoid the green room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the orange room .
go to purple room and then to red room
move to landmark two but avoid landmark three .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the purple room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark one
visit the green room and then move to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark one .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark three .
go to landmark three
navigate to the orange room through the blue room .
go to landmark three before going to the red room
go to the green room by first visiting landmark one .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the third floor .
go to the first floor but never go to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until going to the first floor .
avoid the blue room and go to the first floor .
navigate to the orange room staying on the third floor .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the purple room .
go to the green room , then go to landmark one .
go to the second floor through the green room .
go through the red room before going to the first floor .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark two
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark one .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the third floor .
move through landark one to landmark one .
go to the red room while staying on the first floor .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the orange room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the blue room .
go through landmark two and navigate to the orange room .
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark two .
stay on the first floor while going to the red room .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor , and then navigate to the second floor .
go to the green room through landmark two
always go to landmark one before landmark three .
go to landmark one before going to the orange room
avoid the red room until reaching the first floor .
always go through landmark two and then to the blue room .
go to the yellow room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the green room by first going through landmark two .
go through the second floor to landmark one .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the green room .
go to the red room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go to the second floor without going to the red room .
avoid the green room until you go to the purple room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark three .
stay on the second floor while going to the green room .
move through landark one to landmark three .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the blue room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the orange room .
avoid the purple room and go to the first floor .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark one .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark one .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three .
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark three .
move towards orange room and then to second floor .
navigate to the second floor through the first floor .
go to the purple room while staying on the third floor .
go to the red room through landmark one
move to landmark three , but go through the red room first .
go to the yellow room through the green room .
go to landmark three , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the orange room but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the purple room but do not enter the red room first .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the yellow room .
go through the green room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the red room and go to the first floor .
get to landmark two , while avoiding landmark three
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the purple room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three .
go to landmark two always avoiding the purple room .
go to the onest floor
avoid the purple room and navigate to the orange room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the yellow room .
go to the blue room and then go to the red room .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark one .
move to landmark one without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the purple room .
go to landmark one , then head to the first floor .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark three
go to the third floor and avoid landmark three .
go to the third floor but do not go through the orange room first .
travel through the yellow room then go to the red room .
travel through the blue room then go to the green room .
go to landmark one and then go to the red room .
go to landmark one without leaving red room .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until landmark one .
avoid landmark three until reaching the blue room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the red room .
go to landmark two through the green room
go to the second floor , then go to the orange room .
go to the third floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the blue room
head to landmark two after going to the yellow room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark one .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark three .
go to the green room by touching the purple room .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark one .
avoid landmark three and go to the blue room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
go to landmark two but always avoid landmark three .
go from the twond floor to the purple room
go to the twond floor , then go to the orange room
navigate to the orange room after going to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until you enter the blue room .
move to the yellow room then continue to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three
go to landmark three through landmark one .
stay on the third floor and go to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark two .
navigate to the red room by passing through the third floor .
first go to to landmark one then go to the yellow room .
remain on the first floor while going to the blue room .
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark one .
go to the purple room by first going through the blue room .
without leaving the third floor go to the red room .
go to the blue room through the second floor
go to landmark one while always avoiding the orange room
avoid the yellow room until going to the orange room .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark one .
go to landmark two through the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark three .
always avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
go to third floor without going into the green room
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
first go to landmark two , then go to the orange room .
move to the orange room then continue to the red room .
avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one and then go to the purple room .
go to red room , but do not go to yellow room .
avoid the red room until going through landmark three .
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark three .
avoid the green room until after going to the first floor .
always go through the green room before going to landmark one .
always go through landmark one and then to the green room .
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
go to second floor
head to landmark three after going to the purple room .
avoid the red room and navigate to the orange room .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark three .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark two
avoid the purple room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the purple room .
avoid the red room until going to the blue room .
stay on the third floor and go to the yellow room .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark three .
move to the orange room and then the yellow room .
avoid the orange room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to the third floor , then go to the yellow room .
pass through the yellow room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark three before going to the yellow room
go to the purple room through landmark two .
go from the twond floor to the green room
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
move to landmark three .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the orange room .
go to the green room without going to the red room .
avoid the landmark one and go to the second floor .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the red room .
go to the orange room through landmark three .
go to landmark two by going through landmark one
avoid landmark three until reaching the yellow room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the purple room .
go to landmark one and then the yellow room
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
go from the first floor to the orange room
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark one
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
go to the third floor but avoid the green room .
navigate to the purple room staying on the first floor .
go through the yellow room to landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the blue room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark three .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
go to the first floor without going to the green room .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the red room .
go to landmark two , then head to the third floor .
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
always go through landmark two and then to the red room .
go through landmark three and then to the onest floor .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the orange room .
avoid the red room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the red room .
go to the first floor by first going through the purple room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark two .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the purple room .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark one .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark three .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark two .
go to landmark one .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the red room .
go from the third floor to the orange room
go to landmark two by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark one .
go to the red room through landmark two .
avoid the red room until reaching landmark two .
navigate to landmark three through the green room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the red room .
avoid the purple room
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the yellow room
go to the second floor through the orange room .
go to the third floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the blue room via landmark two .
go through the red room first , then go to the yellow room .
move towards red room and then to first floor .
go to landmark two before going to the orange room
pass through the red room before going to the third floor .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark two .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the blue room .
always avoid the green room and go to the red room .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the third floor .
pass through the purple room before going to the first floor .
always avoid the orange room , go to the first floor .
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark one .
go to the green room while staying on the third floor .
avoid the green room until passing landmark three .
go to the purple room through the first floor
go to landmark three before going to the orange room
go to the red room without going to the green room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the green room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the third floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three .
go through the blue room to landmark two .
avoid the green room until you go to the second floor .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark three .
go to the second floor without going to the orange room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
go through landmark two on your way to the first floor .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark three
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go to or through landmark two. always avoid going to landmark two through landmark one
go from the second floor to the blue room
go to the yellow room through the purple room .
remain on the second floor and move to the purple room .
go to the third floor by first going through the yellow room .
go from the third floor to the green room .
go through the red room to the purple room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark three
avoid the green room until going to landmark three .
go to the green room before you go to landmark two .
move to the yellow room and then the purple room .
go to the blue room through the first floor .
go from the second floor to the orange room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the red room .
head to the red room and then head to the first floor .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark two .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the purple room
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the green room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
go to the orange room , then go to the purple room .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark one
go to the green room through the red room
pass through landmark three on your way to the first floor .
head to landmark two after going to the blue room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
go to landmark three and then the orange room
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark three
go to the orange room without ever leaving the first floor .
go through the third floor and navigate to the blue room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the red room .
go to the green room by first going through landmark one .
go to green room and then to orange room
avoid the red room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the red room .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark one
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the orange room .
go to orange room and then to purple room
go to or through landmark two avoiding going through landmark one
avoid the red room until you go through the green room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark two .
go to the purple room and avoid landmark one .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the orange room .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the red room .
go to the yellow room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the red room
avoid landmark three until you go to the orange room .
go to the first floor then move to the purple room .
go to landmark one before going to the second floor .
avoid landmark two and go to the yellow room .
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark one .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark two .
head to the orange room and then head to the second floor .
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark three .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
go to the second floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go to the purple room through the third floor
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark three
always avoid going to landmark two through the blue room
go through the blue room before going to the first floor .
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark one .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the yellow room .
navigate to the blue room staying on the second floor .
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to the first floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the purple room .
move to landmark two without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the red room .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
avoid the blue room and travel to the green room .
move to the red room without changing floors .
move to the purple room and then the orange room .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark three .
move to landmark two. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the third floor .
always go from the first floor to the second floor .
navigate to the green room but never go to the yellow room .
remain on the third floor while going to the red room .
go to red room , but do not go to green room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the blue room .
avoid the green room until going to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark three .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the yellow room .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the first floor .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the blue room .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark two .
move to anywhere on the second floor , then move to anywhere on the first floor .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
go to the third floor then go landmark three .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the yellow room .
move to landmark two after moving to the second floor .
always avoid going to landmark one through the orange room
move to the second floor , travelling through the orange room .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark one .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going through the yellow room .
go to the blue room through landmark three .
avoid the green room until you go to the third floor .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
move to landmark two , but go through the blue room first .
go to the purple room before going to the yellow room .
go to orange room , but do not go to purple room .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
always avoid the purple room and go to the red room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark two .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark two
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark three .
go to the yellow room through landmark two
pass through the purple room on your way to the first floor .
go to the second floor but avoid landmark three .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the red room .
navigate from the third floor to the orange room .
go to the second floor but avoid landmark two .
move to the red room and then move to landmark two .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to second floor .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark one .
go through the red room before going to the green room .
go to the red room and then go to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the third floor .
travel through the blue room then go to the yellow room .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark one .
from the third floor , navigate to the orange room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the purple room .
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the orange room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark two .
head to the second floor .
go to landmark two and then the blue room
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
always avoid going to landmark three through the purple room
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the green room .
avoid the yellow room
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark two .
go to the yellow room through the green room
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark three without leaving the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark three .
avoid the green room until navigating to the yellow room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to the twond floor , then go to the green room
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark one .
move to the first floor by going through the green room
proceed to the orange room by going through the purple room .
go to the second floor then move to the purple room .
move to landmark three after moving to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until going to the purple room .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark two .
avoid the red room and go to the green room .
always go through the green room to get to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the green room .
robot , go to the green room .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark three by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
move to the green room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
move to landmark three. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the first floor without going to the orange room .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark three .
go from twond floor to blue room .
go through the blue room first , then go to the red room .
go to the orange room without going to the purple room
always go from the third floor to the first floor .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
go to landmark two by only navigating within the orange room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the blue room .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark one .
go to the green room but do not enter the orange room first .
navigate to the first floor before going to the red room .
go to landmark one without changing floors
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark one
go to landmark one , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark one without changing floors
navigate through landmark three to the second floor .
stay on the first floor while going to the yellow room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the orange room
move to the purple room then continue to the orange room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor , then go to the orange room .
go through the purple room before going to landmark three
always avoid landmark one and go to the orange room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark one .
go to the red room through the yellow room
go to the red room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark one
go to the third floor by first going through the purple room .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark one
always avoid landmark one and go to the red room .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the second floor then go to the blue room
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark two .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
always go through the purple room to get to the orange room .
always pass landmark one before landmark three .
avoid the green room until you enter the yellow room .
avoid the green room and go to the third floor .
go to the onest floor through the green room
move to the third floor and then head to landmark two .
go from the twond floor to the blue room
from the first floor , navigate to the green room .
go to the landmark three
avoid the purple room until passing landmark three .
go to the orange room through landmark three
visit the second floor and then proceed to the first floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the red room
avoid the green room until reaching the third floor .
go through the yellow room then to the first floor .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark three .
go to the twond floor but avoid the orange room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark one .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the blue room .
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid the green room
move to the second floor , travelling through the yellow room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the orange room .
go through the blue room before going to the red room .
go to the yellow room without going through the red room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
go through the blue room to the green room .
go to the green room , then go to the purple room .
navigate from the first floor to the purple room .
move to landmark three without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the red room .
go through landmark one to the first floor .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room , then go to the third floor .
go to the first floor then the second floor .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark three .
head to the orange room but first go to the third floor .
go to landmark one
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the first floor .
proceed to landmark three but avoid landmark one on the way . if you have reached landmark three then you can proceed to landmark one .
go to the orange room and avoid landmark three .
go to the green room by first going through the purple room .
navigate through landmark one and go to the red room .
go through landmark three then go to landmark two .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
go to the blue room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to the green room and then go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room and go to the third floor .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until going to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the third floor .
avoid the orange room until after going to the second floor .
visit the purple room and then move to the second floor .
go to landmark two but do not first pass through landmark three .
first go to to landmark two then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one and remain within the green room .
move to landmark two without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the purple room .
go to landmark two through the onest floor
go through the yellow room and navigate to the third floor .
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the red room .
go to the red room through landmark three .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark one .
always avoid landmark two and go to the third floor .
avoid the red room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark one .
go to landmark two avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark two .
first go to to landmark two then go to the purple room .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
navigate to landmark two through the second floor .
go to the second floor but never go to the purple room .
move to landmark two without leaving the third floor .
go to landmark one through the green room .
navigate to the green room staying on the first floor .
go to the yellow room by touching the orange room .
navigate to the green room by passing through the second floor .
from the first floor , navigate to the second floor .
pass through landmark three on your way to the second floor .
go from the first floor to the yellow room
go through landmark one to the second floor .
avoid landmark one until reaching the red room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two
go to the first floor then go to landmark three .
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark two .
go to the red room and then go to the purple room .
navigate to the blue room after going to the second floor .
navigate through landmark two and go to the orange room .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the green room .
avoid the red room until after going to the first floor .
avoid landmark two until going to the yellow room .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the third floor .
go through landmark two before going to the second floor .
avoid landmark three and move into the red room .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the yellow room .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark one .
remain on the second floor while going to the green room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until you go to the purple room .
avoid the landmark two and go to the third floor .
stay on the second floor and go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the first floor .
go to the third floor before you go to the second floor .
navigate to the third floor through the orange room .
go to the first floor but never go to the green room .
go to the second floor and then to landmark one .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the blue room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the red room .
go to landmark two before going to the red room
go to landmark three and proceed to landmark two .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until landmark three .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room
always go through the green room before going to landmark two .
pass through landmark one before going to the first floor .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the third floor .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to the orange room through the blue room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the orange room .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark three .
go to the twond floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
go to the first floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark three .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark one .
go to landmark three before going to the second floor .
always avoid going to landmark two through the red room
navigate to the green room but never go to the red room .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor before going to the yellow room .
go to the red room before going to the purple room .
go to the red room by first going through landmark three .
move to the third floor .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
go to landmark one without first passing through landmark three .
avoid the red room and go to landmark one .
navigate through landmark two and go to the purple room .
navigate to the third floor via the red room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
avoid landmark three until after reaching landmark one .
first go to landmark one , then go to the blue room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
avoid the red room and navigate to the purple room .
move to the third floor without entering the green room .
go to landmark two while staying on the third floor .
proceed to the green room by going through the yellow room .
go through the third floor to the second floor .
move through landark one to landmark two .
proceed to the purple room by going through the red room .
avoid landmark one until reaching the green room .
go to the first floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
pass through the blue room on your way to the second floor .
head to landmark one after going to the orange room .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark two .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark two .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark three .
go to landmark three , then head to the first floor .
avoid the green room and go to the orange room .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
go through the second floor to the blue room
go from the blue room to the purple room
avoid landmark two until you go to the orange room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the orange room .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark three .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one .
go to the orange room , then go to the first floor .
move to landmark two , but go through the green room first .
go to the purple room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the green room .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark three .
go through the blue room first , then go to the green room .
navigate to the third floor through the purple room .
move to the third floor by going through the blue room
go to landmark three but do not first go through the orange room .
go to the purple room before going to the orange room .
move to anywhere on the first floor , then move to anywhere on the second floor .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark three .
go to the blue room through the twond floor
go from the purple room to the green room
go to landmark three through the red room
go to the third floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the purple room
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three
navigate to landmark three through the blue room .
go through the red room and navigate to the second floor .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark two .
go to landmark three always avoiding the purple room .
stay on the second floor while going to the yellow room .
avoid landmark two and go to the third floor .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark one .
go to the third floor through the purple room .
go to the purple room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark two
go to the blue room
visit landmark two but do n't leave the first floor .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark two .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the red room .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark two .
move to landmark two without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the green room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark two
do not go into the green room until going to landmark one
go to the third floor and avoid the red room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the red room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the yellow room
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
go to the twond floor but avoid the purple room .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the purple room .
remain on the third floor and move to the blue room .
go from twond floor to blue room .
move to landmark three after moving to the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark one .
go to the purple room by first going through the yellow room .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the purple room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark three .
go from the second floor to the green room .
pass through the red room on your way to the third floor .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one. if you 've reached landmark one then you can go to landmark three .
go to landmark three and then go to the red room .
go through the green room to the first floor .
pass through landmark three on your way to the third floor .
move to the orange room and then the green room .
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark three
move to the green room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go through the orange room first , then go to the yellow room .
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark one .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark two .
got to landmark three through the green room .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark three .
always go through landmark one and then to the yellow room .
avoid the red room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the red room .
navigate to landmark three through the yellow room .
go through landmark one before going to the blue room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two. if you 've reached landmark two then you can go to landmark three .
move to landmark three without leaving the third floor .
go to third floor
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark one .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
go through the green room before going to the red room .
go from the first floor to the purple room .
go to landmark one through the blue room
pass through the green room on your way to the third floor .
go from the second floor to landmark two .
avoid the green room and travel to the red room .
pass through landmark one before going to the third floor .
avoid landmark three until navigating to landmark two .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark one .
move to the green room then continue to the red room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the orange room .
go to landmark two but do not enter the purple room first .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the red room .
go to the orange room without going to the red room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the third floor .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark two .
move to the third floor , travelling through the red room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until you go to the first floor .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the yellow room .
go through the green room before going to landmark three
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the blue room .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark two
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room .
go to the first floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
go to the first floor then go landmark three .
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark two .
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the third floor .
first go to landmark one , then go to the purple room .
go through landmark one to the red room .
go to the green room .
go to the green room through landmark two .
avoid landmark one until after the yellow room
go through the purple room before going to the red room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the blue room .
avoid the red room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the first floor .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the red room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to the green room through the third floor
avoid the orange room until going to the third floor .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the green room .
visit the blue room and then move to the first floor .
proceed to the green room by going through the blue room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the blue room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the purple room .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark one .
move to the third floor without entering the orange room .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark three .
navigate directly to the third floor .
go to landmark three and remain within the green room .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark three .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the green room .
go to the third floor and then to landmark one .
go to the red room before you go to landmark two .
go through landmark two and navigate to the green room .
go to the third floor before you go to the first floor .
go to landmark three , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the red room until landmark one .
go to the orange room without going to the green room
go to the third floor .
avoid the green room
avoid the purple room until going through landmark one .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the orange room .
go to the purple room through the blue room .
go through the red room before going to landmark one
go to landmark three .
go to the red room through the third floor
go to landmark three while always avoiding the yellow room .
move to the yellow room without leaving the second floor .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the orange room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the red room .
go from the first floor to the green room
avoid the yellow room until you enter the purple room .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
avoid landmark three until you pass through green room .
always go through the purple room to get to the green room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark three .
go to the orange room through the yellow room .
avoid landmark two until you go to the green room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark one
go to the green room without touching landmark two .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the purple room .
go to red room , but do not go to blue room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark one .
avoid the purple room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the purple room .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the green room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark one
go to landmark three and then the blue room
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the red room
go to the orange room and avoid the purple room .
go to landmark three only through the twond floor
avoid the red room until going to landmark one .
go from the red room to the yellow room
without leaving the purple room go to landmark two .
head to the yellow room .
go to landmark one and avoid the orange room .
avoid landmark two and go to the orange room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the orange room .
go from the yellow room to the orange room
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark one .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the blue room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark three through the yellow room
go to the second floor avoiding landmark one .
stay on the second floor to get to landmark two .
avoid the orange room
avoid the orange room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the orange room .
go to landmark three then go to landmark one .
go to the green room , then go to the red room .
avoid the red room and navigate to the yellow room .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark two .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the red room
avoid the green room until going to the purple room .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark three .
navigate through landmark two and go to the yellow room .
go through the purple room before going to the orange room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the red room .
navigate through landmark two and go to the red room .
go to landmark two through the blue room .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the orange room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the purple room .
go through the orange room to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the first floor .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
avoid the orange room and travel to the purple room .
go to landmark two and then go to the green room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the orange room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two and stop
always go through the red room before going to landmark one .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark two .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark one .
go to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until you go to the second floor .
go to the purple room before you go to landmark three .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the orange room .
avoid the blue room and travel to the yellow room .
always avoid the landmark one and travel to landmark two .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark one .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the first floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until after the green room
go to the purple room and then go to landmark one .
move to landmark one , but travel to the onest floor first .
go to landmark one before going to the blue room
go to the first floor while always avoiding the red room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the yellow room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark two .
go to the red room without going to the blue room
always go from the second floor to the first floor .
move to anywhere on the third floor , then move to anywhere on the first floor .
go to landmark one but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the third floor via the purple room .
go to the second floor through the first floor .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the blue room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the yellow room .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark three .
navigate to the yellow room through the orange room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark three before going to the yellow room .
go to the second floor after you go to the third floor .
go to the orange room , then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the yellow room .
go to blue room and then to green room
go through the red room then to the third floor .
go to the purple room through the second floor .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark one .
go to the purple room before going to the green room .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor via the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark one without leaving blue room .
proceed to the purple room by going through the blue room .
go to the third floor , then go to the blue room .
always go to landmark one before landmark two .
move to landmark two , but travel to the onest floor first .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the green room first .
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark one .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark three
go to the purple room by first going through landmark three .
go through the red room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark three from the second floor only .
avoid the green room and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark three but remain on the first floor .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
move to landmark one without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the yellow room .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark one .
go to the orange room , then go to landmark three .
go to the orange room without going to the red room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the red room .
go through the first floor to the second floor .
remain on the first floor while going to the orange room .
go to third floor without going into the blue room
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the blue room .
head to landmark one after going to the green room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the blue room .
go through the blue room then to the second floor .
go through the third floor to landmark one .
navigate from the second floor to the green room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the yellow room .
remain on the second floor while going to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark two .
go to the purple room via landmark three .
go from the third floor to the yellow room
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark three
stay on the third floor to get to landmark one .
move to the purple room without leaving the second floor .
go through the red room to the first floor .
go to the third floor by going through landmark one .
first go to to landmark one then go to the orange room .
move towards orange room and then to third floor .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to the second floor but avoid the orange room .
avoid the purple room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the third floor .
stay on the third floor while going to the purple room .
go through the third floor to the orange room
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the green room
navigate to the orange room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the purple room
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
avoid the blue room
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark three .
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark three
navigate from the first floor to the yellow room .
go to the red room through the orange room
go to the first floor without going to the blue room .
move to landmark three without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the orange room .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark two then go to the red room .
stay in the blue room to get to landmark three .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark three .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the orange room .
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the first floor .
move to the blue room then continue to the yellow room .
move to the second floor without entering the blue room .
avoid the orange room and go to the green room .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark one .
navigate to landmark one through the red room .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one and stop
go to landmark one .
go to landmark two without leaving the orange room .
go to the red room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the orange room .
go to the green room without going to the orange room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the blue room
go to the orange room through the third floor .
go to the yellow room through landmark two .
proceed to landmark two but avoid landmark one on the way . if you have reached landmark two then you can proceed to landmark one .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the orange room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
go to the second floor and avoid the yellow room .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to first floor .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark one .
go through landmark three before going to the third floor .
always avoid the purple room , go to the second floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the third floor .
go to the first floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the green room and then go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the third floor .
go to landmark two , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark two and avoid the green room
go through the second floor to the purple room
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark one
avoid the orange room until navigating to the blue room .
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark three .
navigate to the purple room staying on the second floor .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the yellow room .
move to the second floor but go through landmark one first .
avoid the blue room and go to the orange room .
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
go to the second floor but never go to the blue room .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark two .
go to landmark three then landmark one .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until you go to the yellow room .
go to third floor and then to landmark three
go to landmark two but do not enter the green room first .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the first floor .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the green room .
avoid landmark one and go to the red room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the green room .
go to the onest floor through landmark one
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two .
go from twond floor to blue room .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the orange room .
go to landmark two while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid the purple room until you go to the third floor .
go to landmark one by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
go to the blue room through landmark one .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the purple room .
avoid landmark three until you pass through orange room .
go to the green room , then go to the yellow room .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark three
avoid the blue room until going to the first floor .
move to the first floor , travelling through the blue room .
move to landmark one , but go through the orange room first .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark three
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark three .
go to the blue room without going to the purple room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark two
avoid landmark one until you go to the yellow room .
go to the green room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the red room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the red room .
proceed to the blue room .
avoid the green room and go to the yellow room .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the blue room .
go to landmark three always avoiding the green room .
avoid the blue room until reaching the third floor .
go to landmark two and avoid the orange room .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark one .
move to the yellow room then continue to the orange room .
first go to landmark three , then go to the green room .
go from the first floor to the blue room .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the green room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark three .
go to landmark one and then go to the onest floor .
go to the second floor but avoid the green room .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark two .
first go to to landmark three then go to the red room .
go to landmark one , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the red room before going to the green room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark one .
go to landmark two while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid the purple room
first go to landmark three , then go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor then go to the second floor .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the yellow room .
go through the first floor to landmark one .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the yellow room .
go through the orange room before going to the purple room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark three .
go to landmark one after navigating to the third floor .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the red room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the yellow room .
move to landmark two. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the purple room through the orange room
navigate to the third floor before going to the green room .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until landmark two .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark one .
go to the red room avoiding landmark one .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark one .
go through the purple room to the yellow room .
avoid landmark two until you pass through yellow room .
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark one .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark one .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
proceed to the red room by going through the blue room .
go from the purple room to the yellow room
always avoid the orange room and go to the green room .
go to the third floor but avoid the red room .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark one .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the green room .
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark two .
head to the yellow room and then head to the second floor .
move to the green room and then the purple room .
navigate to the first floor via the blue room .
go to the first floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
go to the yellow room before going to the orange room .
go to landmark one without leaving the red room .
move to landmark one without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the green room .
go to landmark one avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark three .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the green room through the purple room
go to the red room without going through the orange room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark one .
go to the blue room , then go to the first floor .
move to the second floor without entering the red room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the second floor .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the purple room .
go to the green room and avoid the orange room .
go to the onest floor through landmark one
go to landmark three but avoid landmark one .
go to the blue room and then go to the orange room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the red room .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark one .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the red room .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the green room .
go to landmark three without first passing through landmark one .
go to the orange room through landmark two .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark one
visit the second floor then go to the first floor .
navigate to the green room staying on the second floor .
go through landmark two before going to the blue room .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the yellow room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the yellow room .
remain on the first floor and move to the green room .
go to the second floor , then go to the yellow room .
go from the second floor to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the purple room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the green room first .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the orange room
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark three .
go to the orange room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the purple room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the green room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
go to landmark one and then go to the third floor .
avoid landmark three until after you go to landmark one .
go through the blue room before going to landmark two
go to the purple room before you go to landmark two .
go to the onest floor through landmark three
move to landmark one , but go through the blue room first .
go from the green room to the orange room
go from the second floor to landmark three .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the purple room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the orange room .
visit the third floor then go to the first floor .
go through the third floor to the blue room .
go to the blue room without touching landmark three .
always avoid the blue room and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room but never go to the blue room .
go to landmark two then go to the blue room .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark one .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the first floor .
go to the yellow room by first going through the purple room .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark two .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark three .
navigate through landmark one and go to the yellow room .
head to the red room and then head to the second floor .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the orange room .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark two .
avoid landmark one until you have passed through landmark three
go to the second floor then go to the green room
avoid the yellow room and go to the purple room .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the purple room .
go to landmark three without leaving purple room .
move to the red room without changing floors .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark one .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the first floor .
proceed to the purple room .
go to the second floor then go to landmark three .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark two .
go to landmark two while staying on the first floor .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the green room .
navigate through landmark two to the first floor .
go to first floor and then to landmark three
proceed to the yellow room by going through the red room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the red room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the green room
avoid landmark one and go to the third floor .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark one
go to the purple room while always avoiding the red room
avoid landmark two until reaching the red room .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark one .
move to landmark two , but go through the yellow room first .
always avoid going to landmark three through the blue room
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the yellow room .
always go through the purple room to get to the red room .
move to landmark three , but go through the yellow room first .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the green room .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the orange room .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark one .
go to first floor without going into the blue room
go to the blue room and then go to landmark two .
go to the first floor after you go to the third floor .
always go through the red room to get to the orange room .
move to the red room and then the orange room .
go to landmark one and then to landmark two
go to the green room avoiding landmark one .
go to landmark one without leaving the yellow room .
always avoid going to landmark one through the blue room
go to landmark one and proceed to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the green room .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the second floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
navigate to the third floor before going to the blue room .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark one .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the red room
avoid the red room until after navigating to the green room .
go through the green room first , then go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room until you enter the purple room .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark two
go to landmark three while always avoiding the orange room
go to the green room , avoiding landmark three .
go to the third floor and avoid the purple room .
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
navigate from the third floor to the purple room .
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark one .
avoid landmark three and move into the green room .
from the first floor , navigate to the blue room .
go to the orange room through landmark one .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the third floor .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark one .
go through landmark two to the second floor .
avoid the green room until reaching the first floor .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the orange room .
go to the third floor then go to the purple room
always avoid landmark three and go to the orange room .
always go through the green room to get to the yellow room .
go through landmark three then go to landmark one .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark two .
navigate to the red room after going to the second floor .
navigate to landmark one through the purple room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the purple room .
go to landmark one but remain on the second floor .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark three .
avoid the red room and go to the second floor .
go to landmark two and then go to the purple room .
go from the blue room to the orange room
always avoid the purple room and go to the orange room .
go to landmark one through the orange room .
go to the green room and then go to the purple room .
navigate to the green room but never go to the orange room .
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the second floor .
go through the third floor to landmark three .
navigate to landmark two through the yellow room .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the first floor .
go to the green room and avoid landmark one .
go to the twond floor but avoid the blue room .
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
go to second floor and then to landmark one
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the purple room .
stay on the first floor and go to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor through the red room .
go to the second floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the blue room
head to landmark one without changing floors .
go through the green room before going to the first floor .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
remain on the second floor while going to the yellow room .
remain on the third floor and move to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the orange room before going to the green room .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the green room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the red room
go to the twond floor and then go to the green room .
go to the blue room and then go to the green room .
go to second floor and then to landmark three
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go to the green room via landmark two .
go to the yellow room through the third floor
stay in the red room to get to landmark three .
go to the third floor but do not go through the red room first .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark one .
go to the second floor after going to the third floor .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the purple room .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
always avoid landmark two and go to the green room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the green room first .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the purple room
without leaving the second floor go to the red room .
go to the purple room through landmark three
go to the purple room before you go to landmark one .
avoid landmark one and proceed to landmark two
move to the third floor and then head to landmark one .
navigate to the third floor before going to the second floor .
always go through the yellow room to get to the green room .
navigate to the first floor through the blue room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark three .
always avoid the red room , go to landmark one .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark one
travel to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor before going to the second floor .
avoid landmark one and proceed to landmark three
move to the third floor without entering the purple room .
go from the first floor to landmark three .
go to the orange room by touching the green room .
go to landmark one then go to the second floor .
go to landmark three and avoid the red room .
go to the second floor and avoid the blue room .
go to the orange room and avoid landmark one .
move to landmark three , but travel to the onest floor first .
avoid landmark three until you go to the red room .
go to the second floor via the green room .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
go to landmark two and remain within the purple room .
go to the first floor through the green room .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the orange room .
avoid the red room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the red room .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
move to the second floor by going through the blue room
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three. if you reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
go to landmark three and then go to the blue room .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark one .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark three .
go through the blue room to landmark three .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the red room .
move to landmark one after moving to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until you enter the green room .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark two
go to landmark three , then go to landmark two .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the red room
go through the orange room to landmark two .
go through the purple room to the third floor .
avoid landmark three until going to the orange room .
go to the first floor and then head to landmark three .
avoid the red room until going to the yellow room .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark three .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark two
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the purple room
go to the second floor by first going through the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark one .
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark one
move towards green room and then to third floor .
always avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark one until after reaching landmark two .
go to the blue room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the green room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the yellow room .
visit the blue room and then move to the second floor .
always go through landmark three and then to the purple room .
go to landmark two and avoid the blue room .
go through landmark two to the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor via the orange room .
avoid landmark one until after the red room
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
go to landmark three and remain within the yellow room .
start on the threerd floor , go directly to the onest floor .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to first floor .
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the first floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark one .
go to the yellow room before going to the purple room .
go through the purple room first , then go to the green room .
go to landmark one then go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark three .
avoid landmark one until you pass through yellow room .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark one .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark one .
avoid the purple room
go to the red room , then go to the orange room .
avoid landmark two and move into the yellow room .
go to the first floor then move to the green room .
go to landmark one then go to the blue room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark three .
go to the red room only through the onest floor
go to the third floor without going to the red room .
navigate through landmark one then go to landmark three .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the purple room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the second floor .
go to landmark one and then to landmark two .
go to the purple room and avoid the yellow room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the green room .
navigate to the first floor through the red room .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the purple room
move to the third floor but go through landmark two first .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the purple room .
go through the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the purple room while staying on the second floor .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the yellow room .
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark one .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark one .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark two .
go to landmark one through the first floor .
first go to to landmark two then go to the green room .
always go through landmark three and then to the red room .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the orange room .
go to the green room by first going through the blue room .
proceed to landmark three , but never move outside of the purple room .
go to landmark two avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark two .
go to landmark one then go to landmark two .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
go to the first floor always avoiding the green room .
avoid the green room and navigate to the purple room .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the orange room by first going through the purple room .
go to the second floor and then go to the red room .
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
go to the red room without going to landmark three .
go to the first floor and avoid the purple room .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark three by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go to the first floor , then go to the orange room .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go through the green room first , then go to the orange room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the purple room
go to the green room avoiding landmark one. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark one .
go to landmark three and remain within the red room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the blue room
go to landmark three through the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark one .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
go to the red room through the twond floor
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the orange room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark three
avoid the green room until you enter the purple room .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the green room .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark two always avoiding the red room .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
avoid the green room on your way to landmark two .
go to landmark one before navigating to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the red room .
move to the green room and then move to landmark two .
go through the blue room to the orange room .
go to landmark two , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark two .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two
go to the red room without going through the purple room .
avoid the green room until you enter the blue room .
move to landmark one without leaving the second floor .
go through the red room before going to landmark two
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark two .
go from the onest floor to landmark two
always go through landmark two and then to the yellow room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark two through the orange room .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark three .
go to the green room through the twond floor
go to the first floor and avoid landmark one .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
avoid the orange room until after going to the first floor .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the green room
go to the green room and then navigate to the red room .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark two .
go to landmark one via the second floor .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the orange room .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark two .
avoid the orange room until you go to the first floor .
avoid the green room , navigate to the orange room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark two .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the yellow room .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark two .
always avoid landmark one and go to the third floor .
move to the orange room then continue to the yellow room .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the first floor .
go to green room , but do not go to blue room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the purple room .
go to the blue room without going through the yellow room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the green room .
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark three .
go to yellow room , but do not go to orange room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the red room .
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark one always avoiding the red room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the blue room first .
avoid the blue room until going through landmark one .
go to the orange room through landmark two
go to landmark three and then to landmark one .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark three .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the third floor .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one
go to the red room while staying on the second floor .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
go to landmark one from the first floor only .
proceed to the orange room by going through the blue room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the blue room .
go through the second floor to landmark three .
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark two .
avoid landmark one , and go to landmark two .
go to landmark one before going to the red room .
remain on the third floor and move to the orange room .
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark one .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the red room .
go to the yellow room through landmark one
go to the purple room through landmark two
go to landmark three and always avoid the orange room
go to yellow room and then to green room
go to the purple room via landmark two .
go to landmark two but always avoid landmark one .
go to the red room , then go to the yellow room .
go through the purple room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid landmark one and move into the red room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
go to the third floor avoiding the red room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the red room
go to the first floor via the purple room .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark two .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the purple room
always go through the orange room and then to landmark three .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark two .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
avoid landmark one until you have passed through landmark two
go to the onest floor through the green room
go from onest floor to landmark one .
move to the third floor without entering the blue room .
go to landmark one and then to landmark three .
go through landmark two before going to the orange room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the orange room .
go through landmark two and navigate to the purple room .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to first floor .
go through the third floor to the purple room .
go to the first floor , and then go to the second floor .
remain on the second floor and move to the red room .
navigate to landmark three , always avoiding landmark one .
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark three .
go to landmark two and avoid the purple room .
go to landmark two without changing floors
go to the yellow room without going to the green room .
go to the yellow room through the purple room
go to the orange room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the purple room through the blue room
navigate to the red room always avoiding the orange room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the purple room .
go to the purple room through the red room .
go to the second floor without going to the yellow room .
go to the first floor and then to landmark one .
always go through the yellow room to get to the red room .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark three .
from the first floor , navigate to the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the purple room
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
avoid landmark three until you go to the blue room .
move to the red room then continue to the purple room .
robot , go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark three
avoid landmark one until navigating to the blue room .
go to the first floor through the yellow room .
go through the purple room then to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark three .
always go through the red room to get to the purple room .
always go to landmark three before landmark one .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
avoid the red room until going to the green room .
navigate to the purple room through the yellow room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark three .
go to the green room while always avoiding the blue room
go to the green room before you go to landmark one .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the orange room .
avoid the green room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the green room .
go to the green room without going to the red room
go to landmark two without leaving purple room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one and then the orange room
go to the second floor and avoid the green room .
head to the purple room but first go to the third floor .
go to the green room without going through the purple room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark one
avoid the red room and go to landmark two
go to the purple room without going to the red room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the red room .
avoid landmark one until you go to the green room .
head to landmark two without changing floors .
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark three
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark two .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark one .
visit landmark three but do n't leave the third floor .
avoid the purple room until reaching the second floor .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the third floor .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor through the purple room .
go to the onest floor through landmark three
go to the third floor , then navigate to the blue room .
go to the onest floor
go through landmark three before going to the first floor .
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the purple room and then go to the yellow room .
go through landmark three to the second floor .
navigate to the purple room after going to the first floor .
pass through the orange room before going to the second floor .
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the second floor .
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark one
move to the third floor but go through landmark one first .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the purple room .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the blue room .
go through the purple room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the red room .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the purple room .
move to landmark one after moving to the first floor .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
travel through the red room then go to the purple room .
always pass landmark three before landmark one .
go to third floor and then to landmark two
move to the purple room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark one .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark three .
go to the first floor but do not go through the orange room first .
remain on the second floor and move to the green room .
go to landmark two without leaving the blue room .
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the blue room .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
navigate through landmark one to the third floor .
go to the blue room without going through the purple room .
without leaving the second floor go to the blue room .
go to the purple room only through the onest floor
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
go to landmark one via the first floor .
go to the second floor after you go to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until after you go to landmark three .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the orange room .
head to the red room but first go to the third floor .
go to the red room while always avoiding the yellow room
go to the blue room while staying on the third floor .
first go to to landmark one then go to the green room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the yellow room .
go through the second floor to the green room
avoid the yellow room and go to the third floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
go to landmark three and avoid the orange room .
go to landmark two but remain on the second floor .
go to the green room and avoid landmark two .
go to orange room , but do not go to red room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
go to the green room by first going through the yellow room .
go to the red room and then go to the orange room .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go to the third floor but never go to the blue room .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark three .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the yellow room .
go to the green room and then go to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark one .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark one .
avoid the orange room until you go to the third floor .
avoid landmark three until you pass through blue room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark one .
go to the second floor by first going through the green room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the orange room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark two .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to first floor .
move to landmark two , but go through the purple room first .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark one .
go to landmark three , then up to landmark two .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark two
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until after the orange room
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark two .
go to the second floor then move to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room and go to the third floor .
go to third floor without going into the orange room
go through the blue room then to the first floor .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark two .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark two .
navigate to the green room through the purple room .
navigate from the second floor to the blue room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark one
go to landmark two by only stepping in the blue room .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the twond floor but avoid the blue room .
go to landmark three then go to the red room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the first floor .
avoid landmark one while traveling to landmark two. once there , you may travel to landmark one .
go to blue room and then to orange room
navigate to the purple room through the red room .
avoid landmark three until reaching the green room .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the yellow room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the green room .
always avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark three .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the green room .
go to the third floor through the red room .
avoid the blue room until landmark two .
go to the red room before you go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room until going to the green room .
go through landmark three and navigate to the orange room .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the first floor .
go through the orange room to landmark one .
avoid the landmark three and go to the second floor .
go to the orange room through the yellow room
go to the second floor then move to the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the orange room .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark three .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two and stop
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark one .
avoid the red room until going to the first floor .
get to landmark one , while avoiding landmark three
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the green room
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
navigate to the first floor before going to the purple room .
go to the orange room but do not enter the yellow room first .
navigate directly to the first floor .
go to the onest floor through the purple room
pass through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
go to the green room without going to the purple room .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the second floor .
go to the purple room and then go to landmark two .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the blue room .
go to the red room
go to landmark two after going to landmark one .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark two .
travel to landmark one .
avoid the red room and go to the third floor .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
navigate to the orange room through the yellow room .
go from the onest floor to landmark three
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark one .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
go to landmark one , then go to landmark three .
navigate to landmark three through the purple room .
go to the orange room via landmark one .
go to the yellow room without going to the blue room .
avoid the orange room until after going to the third floor .
avoid landmark two until reaching the purple room .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the orange room .
go through the red room to the orange room .
go through the purple room to the red room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until going to the purple room .
stay in the purple room to get to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until you pass through purple room .
move to the first floor without entering the green room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
go through the purple room to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the blue room .
go to the first floor then go to the purple room
stay in the orange room to get to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until reaching the orange room .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark two .
avoid the green room , navigate to the red room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark one .
go to landmark two always avoiding the blue room .
always avoid the blue room , go to the first floor .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark one
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
go through the red room to the green room .
go to landmark one and always avoid the orange room
go to the third floor , and then go to the second floor .
go to the second floor , then go to the purple room .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the red room .
go to landmark three but always stay away from landmark one .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the blue room without going to the orange room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the orange room .
visit landmark two but do n't leave the third floor .
navigate to the red room by passing through the first floor .
go to the yellow room through the second floor
avoid landmark one until you go to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until after the orange room
go to landmark one while staying on the third floor .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark one .
avoid landmark two until you go to the red room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
avoid landmark three and proceed to landmark one
go to the blue room by first going through landmark three .
avoid landmark three until you go to the green room .
go to the red room and avoid landmark two .
go to the second floor and avoid the purple room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the red room .
avoid the red room until passing landmark two .
navigate to the orange room after going to the third floor .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to the orange room without going through the green room .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go through landmark two to the third floor .
go to the orange room/landmark three through landmark one/green room
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the orange room
go through the red room before going to landmark three
navigate to landmark one through the first floor .
go to the first floor then move to the blue room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the yellow room .
go from the blue room to the green room
travel through the purple room then go to the yellow room .
go from the green room to the yellow room
go from the twond floor to the orange room
go to the yellow room through landmark three
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark three .
go to the third floor without going to the blue room .
move to landmark three without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the green room .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the orange room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the blue room .
go to landmark two and avoid the yellow room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the blue room
navigate to landmark three then continue to the yellow room .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the yellow room .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark one .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark one then landmark two .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark two after navigating to the third floor .
avoid landmark two until after the purple room
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark one .
go to the green room through the blue room .
go to the orange room without going to landmark three .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the green room .
go to landmark one without leaving the green room .
go to landmark two by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the purple room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the green room
avoid the yellow room and travel to the green room .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark two .
move to the first floor , travelling through the green room .
go to the green room through the twond floor
go to the purple room without going to landmark one .
go to landmark two always avoiding the orange room .
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the second floor .
stay on the first floor and go to the orange room .
avoid landmark three until going to the purple room .
go to red room and then to yellow room
go to the purple room via landmark one .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark one .
go to landmark three , then head to the second floor .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark two
avoid the purple room and go to the yellow room .
head to the orange room and then head to the first floor .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the orange room .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark three .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the red room
go through landmark two and navigate to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor through the purple room .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark one .
avoid landmark three and go to the purple room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the purple room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the purple room .
go to landmark two then go to the purple room .
pass through landmark three before going to the second floor .
go to landmark three then go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark three .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the red room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the blue room .
go to the first floor by first going through the red room .
go to the red room through the third floor .
go to landmark two before going to the first floor .
avoid the orange room
go to purple room and then to green room
remain on the second floor and move to the blue room .
go to landmark two and avoid the green room
go to the third floor but avoid the orange room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark one
go through the green room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
go to landmark one but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the purple room , then go to the green room .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the blue room .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
go to the red room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the green room .
avoid the purple room until going to the red room .
go to the second floor through the red room .
go to or through landmark two avoiding going through landmark three
avoid landmark one until you navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark three and remain within the purple room .
head to landmark two without changing floors .
go to the purple room , then go to the orange room .
move to the second floor , travelling through the red room .
go to landmark three .
go to the red room , then go to the purple room .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the orange room .
navigate to landmark two , always avoiding landmark three .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark one .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark two .
go to landmark three .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the yellow room .
go from the red room to the purple room
move towards green room and then to second floor .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the green room
go to landmark one and then the green room
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark two .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the yellow room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the purple room .
go to the first floor without going to the red room .
always avoid landmark three and go to the red room .
always avoid the blue room , go to the third floor .
avoid the red room until landmark three .
stay on the third floor and go to the red room .
go to the red room by touching the yellow room .
go from the twond floor to the blue room
go to the first floor without going to the yellow room .
go to landmark one through the second floor .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark three .
go to red room , but do not go to orange room .
head to landmark one after going to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the first floor .
go to landmark one and avoid the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark two .
navigate to the purple room after going to the third floor .
go to the green room and avoid the blue room .
go to landmark two through the purple room
go to landmark one , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the orange room first .
go to the red room through the twond floor
always go through the purple room before going to landmark three .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark two through the onest floor
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the green room .
without leaving the green room go to landmark one .
go to the second floor and avoid the red room .
avoid the red room
go to the green room through the third floor .
stay on the third floor while going to the green room .
move to the red room .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
remain on the third floor while going to the purple room .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the blue room .
go through the second floor to the orange room .
go to the third floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark one .
avoid the green room until going to the yellow room .
go to landmark two then go to the third floor .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the blue room
go through the orange room then to the second floor .
go to the third floor via landmark one .
go to landmark three before going to the purple room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark two
navigate to the red room after going to the first floor .
go to landmark three , then up to landmark one .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the blue room .
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark two .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark two .
navigate to the green room but never go to the blue room .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark two .
move to landmark three without leaving the second floor .
navigate to the purple room .
go to the orange room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the green room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the orange room .
avoid landmark three until you pass through yellow room .
go to landmark one then go to the first floor .
remain on the second floor while going to the purple room .
head to the purple room and then head to the third floor .
avoid landmark one until navigating to landmark two .
go to the red room without going through the green room .
go to purple room , but do not go to orange room .
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark one
move to the orange room then continue to the green room .
go to the orange room by touching the yellow room .
go to the third floor , then head to the second floor .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the yellow room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the purple room .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark two
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the orange room
navigate through landmark one and go to the green room .
navigate from the second floor to the orange room .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the yellow room .
go through the second floor to the red room
go to the first floor then go to landmark one .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark three
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the blue room .
go to landmark one before going to the third floor .
go to the second floor then go to the first floor .
go to landmark two by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
go from the first floor to the blue room
go to the second floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the third floor and then go to the red room .
avoid the green room until you go through the red room .
go through landmark three and then to the onest floor .
go to the first floor and avoid the blue room .
go up to the second floor without going to landmark three .
proceed to the purple room by going through the orange room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two .
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the purple room .
visit the first floor then go to the second floor .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the red room .
go from the green room to the red room
navigate through landmark three and go to the blue room .
pass through the red room before going to the second floor .
remain on the third floor while going to the blue room .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the first floor .
navigate from the third floor to the yellow room .
move to the third floor by going through the orange room
go to first floor without going into the yellow room
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the purple room .
go to the first floor , then go to the purple room .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark one
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark one .
go to the twond floor , then go to the purple room
go to the yellow room and go down to the onest floor .
visit the red room and then move to the third floor .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the orange room .
avoid the green room until going to the blue room .
avoid going through landmark two until you go through the green room .
avoid the green room until you go through the orange room .
avoid the green room on your way to landmark one .
navigate to landmark three through the red room .
stay on the second floor while going to the blue room .
go to landmark one always avoiding the green room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the green room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the green room .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark two .
go to third floor and then to landmark one
avoid the orange room until passing landmark three .
go through the first floor to landmark two .
go to landmark one and proceed to landmark three .
go to the orange room and then go to the red room .
go to landmark two then go to the first floor .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the red room .
go to the second floor by first going through the orange room .
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the purple room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark one .
go to the third floor but do not go through the green room first .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the blue room .
navigate from the third floor to the green room .
go to the first floor and then to landmark two .
go to the twond floor and then go to the orange room .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark two .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the yellow room .
go to first floor without going into the red room
avoid landmark two and go to the green room .
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the red room .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark one .
go through the orange room to the yellow room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the blue room .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to the red room through the green room .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark two .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark two .
go to landmark two without leaving orange room .
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark one .
go to the blue room and then go to the purple room .
go to the red room while staying on the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until going to the red room .
go through the red room first , then go to the orange room .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark one .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
always avoid the landmark three and travel to landmark one .
move to the blue room and then the purple room .
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark one .
navigate to the green room .
go to landmark one but do not enter the blue room first .
go to the third floor through the blue room .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark three .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark three .
head to the first floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
go to the orange room through the first floor
move to landmark two. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
pass through the purple room before going to the second floor .
always avoid the purple room , go to the third floor .
always go through the red room before going to landmark three .
go to landmark three without changing floors
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark three .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the red room
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the red room .
go to the green room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to landmark one through the purple room
first go to to landmark two then go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark two .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark three .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark one .
go to the twond floor but avoid the red room .
go to the green room , avoiding landmark one .
go to second floor without going into the blue room
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the purple room
go to landmark two and remain within the blue room .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark one .
go to the first floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three. if you have reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
go to landmark one by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
go to landmark one by going through landmark three
go to the twond floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the purple room , then go to landmark three .
avoid landmark three until you navigate to landmark one .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
navigate to the second floor through the green room .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one
go to landmark three then go to the orange room .
go to landmark three then go to the blue room .
avoid the purple room until going to the blue room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the red room .
go to the green room via landmark three .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark one
move to the red room without leaving the second floor .
go to the orange room before going to the red room .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the first floor .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the blue room .
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark two .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark one .
go to landmark three before going to the blue room
move to the green room and then move to landmark one .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three
avoid the green room until you go to the red room .
go to landmark one through the onest floor
go from twond floor to yellow room .
go from the twond floor to the orange room
avoid the orange room until you go to the green room .
go through the green room then to the second floor .
go to the second floor and then go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark two .
go to landmark two always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark one while avoiding the first and third floor .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the purple room .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark three .
go through the second floor to the green room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the second floor .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
navigate to the orange room by passing through the second floor .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark two .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark two .
go to the first floor always avoiding the red room .
avoid landmark two and move into the orange room .
avoid landmark two and move into the purple room .
go to the red room without going to the orange room
from the third floor , navigate to the yellow room .
stay on the second floor and go to the purple room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the orange room .
visit landmark two but do n't leave the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to the first floor then go to landmark two .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark two .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the purple room .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark two .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark two .
move to the third floor by going through the red room
move to the yellow room and then the orange room .
go through the second floor to landmark two .
go to landmark two and then go to the onest floor .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
avoid landmark one , and go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark three .
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark three .
go to the green room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to the red room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor after going to the third floor .
go to landmark three and then go to the orange room .
stay on the first floor and go to landmark three .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark one
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark two without leaving green room .
avoid the red room until going to landmark three .
go through the green room then to the first floor .
always go through landmark two and then to the purple room .
go to landmark two avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark two .
always go through landmark one and then to the blue room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the purple room .
go to the purple room through the yellow room
move to the green room and then the red room .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark two .
avoid the red room until passing landmark three .
go to the second floor but never go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to the yellow room by touching the red room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three and stop
go to the orange room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go from the third floor to the purple room .
go to landmark three and avoid the blue room .
head to landmark three after going to the orange room .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark two .
move to the first floor without entering the blue room .
pass through landmark two before going to the second floor .
go to the first floor then move to the red room .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the green room .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark one .
move to landmark one without leaving the first floor .
go through the orange room to the first floor .
go to the first floor through the third floor .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark two .
go to the purple room , then go to the red room .
go to the green room but do not enter the purple room first .
avoid the green room and go to the first floor .
go to landmark two and then go to the first floor .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the yellow room .
visit the orange room and then move to the third floor .
pass through the red room before going to the first floor .
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark one .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark three .
go to the green room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the third floor then move to the purple room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going through the red room .
avoid the blue room until reaching the first floor .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the purple room .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark one .
go to landmark three but do not first pass through landmark one .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the green room .
go to landmark three but do not enter the blue room first .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the purple room .
go to the blue room , then go to the red room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark two .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
first navigate to landmark one , then go to landmark three .
go to the red room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
go to the red room by touching the green room .
go to landmark three avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark three .
navigate to the first floor always passing through the third floor .
go through the first floor and navigate to the blue room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the blue room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark two
avoid the orange room until navigating to the yellow room .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark one .
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the orange room .
go to landmark two through landmark three .
go to landmark one and remain within the blue room .
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the green room
from the third floor , navigate to the red room .
move to the first floor , travelling through the purple room .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark three .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the yellow room
go to the yellow room via landmark one .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room
go to landmark one while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the second floor and then go to the blue room .
go to landmark two without leaving yellow room .
go to landmark three without changing floors .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark two
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark two , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark one , then up to landmark two .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the yellow room
proceed to the yellow room by going through the purple room .
go to the first floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the blue room
avoid the orange room until landmark one .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark three
first move to landmark three then navigate to the green room .
navigate to the second floor always passing through the first floor .
avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark three .
got to landmark one through the green room .
go to landmark three through the onest floor
go to the purple room before going to the red room .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go through the green room to the orange room .
go from the third floor to the orange room .
go to landmark three while avoiding the first and third floor .
go from the purple room to the red room
avoid the purple room until you go to the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark one .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
go to the red room through landmark three
move to the blue room without leaving the first floor .
go to landmark three through landmark one
go through the first floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the green room only through the onest floor
stay in the blue room to get to landmark two .
move to the first floor without entering the orange room .
navigate to the red room through the blue room .
move to landmark two after moving to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor via the orange room .
go to the green room by touching the red room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go to the red room by first going through landmark one .
go to the twond floor but avoid the orange room .
go to the first floor by first going through the blue room .
head to the red room .
go to the purple room and avoid landmark two .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark one .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark three .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the red room
move to the yellow room and then the green room .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until after the purple room
go to the first floor via the blue room .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the purple room .
from the first floor , navigate to the red room .
move to landmark one without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the orange room .
go to the green room without going to the blue room
avoid the green room , navigate to the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark one .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the second floor .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
go to landmark two without changing floors .
without leaving the red room go to landmark one .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the second floor .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark three .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the yellow room .
always go through the green room and then to landmark one .
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the first floor .
avoid the red room until reaching the third floor .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark three .
avoid landmark three and move into the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark two by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark one
stay in the purple room and go to landmark two
go to landmark three and then go to the yellow room .
always go through the blue room to get to the yellow room .
go to the orange room , then go to the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the blue room .
go through landmark three before going to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the third floor .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the purple room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark two. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark two .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the red room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
go to landmark one from the third floor only .
move to the red room then continue to the orange room .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the third floor .
navigate to the green room after going to the third floor .
go to the yellow room without going through the orange room .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the orange room .
go through the yellow room to the red room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the green room .
move to the third floor by going through the purple room
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
go to the twond floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the second floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the green room
always go to landmark two before navigating to the red room .
go through the first floor to the purple room
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the orange room .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark three .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark three
go up to the second floor without going to landmark two .
head to the yellow room but first go to the third floor .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark two .
go to first floor and then to landmark one
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark two .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the orange room .
avoid the blue room until you go to the second floor .
go through landmark one and then to the onest floor .
avoid the red room until going through landmark one .
first go to to landmark one then go to the blue room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room and navigate to the green room .
go through the second floor to the yellow room
go to the purple room through the first floor .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the orange room .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark three .
navigate to landmark one through the second floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the purple room .
go to the red room , then go to landmark one .
remain on the first floor while going to the purple room .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark one .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
go to the purple room by touching the yellow room .
go to landmark three and remain within the orange room .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark one .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark one .
go through landmark three to the green room .
got to landmark three through the green room .
move to landmark one , but travel to the onest floor first .
avoid the red room until reaching the second floor .
go to the red room via landmark three .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark two .
go through the green room before going to landmark two
go through landmark one to the third floor .
avoid landmark one until you go to the blue room .
avoid the green room until going to the second floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
go to the red room without going to the purple room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the purple room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the purple room without touching landmark two .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark three .
move to landmark three , but travel to the onest floor first .
move towards purple room and then to third floor .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark three .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark two .
without leaving the green room go to landmark two .
go to landmark two without leaving red room .
avoid landmark one until you pass through orange room .
go to the second floor by first going to the first floor .
go to the orange room through the blue room
go to the blue room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to landmark one without leaving orange room .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the red room .
go from the threerd floor to the onest floor
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the green room .
move to the second floor without entering the orange room .
go to the third floor by going through landmark two .
go from twond floor to orange room .
navigate through landmark two and go to the green room .
go from the onest floor to landmark one
navigate through landmark one and go to the blue room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the red room .
go to the green room and go down to the onest floor .
go through landmark one before going to the second floor .
go to the green room without going to the purple room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the purple room .
go from the first floor to the green room .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the yellow room .
go to landmark three via the third floor .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the yellow room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark one and stop
go to the green room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark two
go to landmark two only through the twond floor
go to landmark one and then go to the second floor .
go through the first floor and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until after going to the third floor .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the blue room .
go to landmark three through the third floor .
go to the third floor and then go to the orange room .
go to landmark one through the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the second floor .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark one .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark one .
stay in the green room and go to landmark one
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
avoid landmark three until you go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark two .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the purple room .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until you have passed through landmark two
stay in the green room to get to landmark one .
always avoid the red room , go to landmark two .
go to the second floor through the third floor .
go to the second floor then go to the purple room
go through the first floor to the orange room
visit the red room and then move to the first floor .
go to landmark two before navigating to the first floor .
stay in the purple room to get to landmark three .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the blue room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark three
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the first floor .
go to first floor and then to landmark two
go to the twond floor , then go to the red room
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to landmark three before going to landmark two .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark two .
go through landmark two to the red room .
go to the orange room while staying on the first floor .
move to the second floor without entering the purple room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the green room
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark two .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the green room .
go to landmark one then go to the yellow room .
go to or through landmark one. always avoid going to landmark one through landmark three
go to the blue room and then go to the yellow room .
go to orange room , but do not go to yellow room .
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark three .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the third floor .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark three .
go to the orange room/landmark two through landmark one/green room
robot , go to the blue room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the red room
go to landmark one through the yellow room
head to landmark one without changing floors .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark two and stop
go from onest floor to landmark three .
go to landmark three but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the third floor by going through landmark three .
go to the blue room but do not enter the purple room first .
without leaving the third floor go to the yellow room .
go to landmark one before going to the green room
move to landmark two and then proceed to the blue room .
go to the second floor after going to the first floor .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the green room
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the orange room .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark three .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark one .
go through the orange room before going to landmark three
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark two .
move to the blue room .
go from the third floor to landmark three .
always avoid the blue room and go to the orange room .
go to the first floor by going through landmark two .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the red room .
go through landmark three on your way to the second floor .
avoid landmark two until going to the red room .
travel through the yellow room then go to the orange room .
move to the blue room without leaving the third floor .
head to landmark three without changing floors .
go through landmark three before going to the yellow room .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark one .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the blue room .
go to the first floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the purple room
move towards purple room and then to first floor .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to the red room by touching the blue room .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark three .
stay in the red room and go to landmark three
always avoid the red room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark one .
go to the red room and avoid the purple room .
go to landmark one before going to the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the green room
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the second floor .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark two
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the blue room
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark three
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the green room .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the yellow room .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the blue room .
go to the purple room through the orange room .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark one .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the red room .
avoid the green room until after going to the second floor .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the green room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark three .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark three .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the orange room .
always go through the red room and then to landmark two .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark three .
move towards red room and then to second floor .
go to the third floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the green room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
always avoid the red room , go to the second floor .
avoid the purple room and travel to the orange room .
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark two .
go to the purple room and avoid landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the blue room .
avoid landmark one and go to the orange room .
go through landmark one and navigate to the blue room .
go to the second floor then go landmark three .
go to the yellow room by touching the blue room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
move to landmark one and then proceed to the red room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the purple room .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark two .
go through the yellow room then to the third floor .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark one .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark one .
remain on the second floor while going to the orange room .
navigate to landmark two through the purple room .
go to the first floor through the orange room .
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark one .
avoid the orange room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the orange room .
go to the green room while staying on the first floor .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark two .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the red room .
go to landmark three through the green room .
go to the purple room without going to the blue room .
head to the orange room and then head to the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until going to the second floor .
go from twond floor to yellow room .
go to landmark one before going to landmark three .
go to the purple room without going to the green room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the yellow room
navigate to the green room by passing through the third floor .
go to landmark one while staying on the first floor .
pass through landmark two before going to the first floor .
go to the green room without going through the orange room .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark one .
first navigate to landmark three , then go to landmark one .
from the second floor , navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark two. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark two .
move to the green room avoiding landmark two. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark two .
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the third floor .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark one .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the blue room .
go to the red room and then go to landmark two .
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
stay in the green room to get to landmark two .
go through the green room to landmark two .
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the green room .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark two
go to the second floor via landmark two .
always avoid the red room , go to the third floor .
stay on the third floor and go to the blue room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the first floor .
go to anywhere on the third floor .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the purple room .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the orange room .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark one
avoid the green room and go to the second floor .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark three
go to landmark three only through the twond floor
go to the red room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to landmark three without leaving the purple room .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark three .
go to the purple room without touching landmark three .
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the orange room .
go to the yellow room through the third floor .
go to landmark one through the yellow room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
go to the second floor by going through landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you enter the green room .
move to the purple room without leaving the first floor .
go to the second floor via the blue room .
avoid the orange room until you enter the red room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark one
go to the second floor and then head to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark three .
go to the third floor then move to the green room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark two .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room .
got to landmark two through the green room .
go to landmark three then go to the green room .
go from the yellow room to the purple room
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the red room .
go to the second floor but avoid the blue room .
always go through the orange room to get to the green room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
go to landmark three through the green room
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark one
go to the green room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark three .
go to the purple room and then go to landmark three .
go to the second floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark two after going to landmark three .
navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the green room .
stay on the second floor and go to the blue room .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the orange room .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark one .
go through the red room before going to landmark one
go to the second floor without going through the red room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
navigate to landmark one , always avoiding landmark three .
avoid landmark one until reaching the purple room .
navigate to landmark two , always avoiding landmark one .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark one .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark one .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the blue room .
go through landmark one then go to landmark two .
go to the green room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the orange room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the orange room
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark one .
move to landmark two but avoid landmark one .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
move to landmark three and then proceed to the orange room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the orange room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the green room
go to the orange room while always avoiding the purple room
go to the first floor
go from the orange room to the red room
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the second floor .
go from twond floor to red room .
go to landmark three before navigating to the first floor .
pass through the purple room on your way to the second floor .
go to the first floor via the green room .
go to landmark three before navigating to the third floor .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the third floor .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the purple room .
move to the purple room without leaving the third floor .
go to landmark one and avoid the green room
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark two .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark one .
proceed to landmark two but avoid landmark three on the way . if you have reached landmark two then you can proceed to landmark three .
avoid landmark two until after the red room
go through landmark one to the orange room .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark three .
navigate to the second floor , and then navigate to the first floor .
go from the third floor to landmark two .
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
go through the blue room before going to the orange room .
remain on the second floor and move to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going to the blue room
go through the yellow room to landmark two .
avoid the red room until you go to the first floor .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark two .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark three .
move towards yellow room and then to second floor .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark two .
go to the green room , then go to landmark three .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the red room .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the third floor .
go through the red room to landmark three .
go to the first floor , then go to the red room .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark three .
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark two .
go to the second floor and avoid the orange room .
go through the orange room before going to the green room .
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark two
go through landmark one and navigate to the red room .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the green room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the orange room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
avoid landmark three until you have passed through landmark one
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the yellow room
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark two .
avoid landmark three and go to the orange room .
go to the second floor , then go to the first floor .
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
pass through landmark two on your way to the second floor .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark two
go to landmark two , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark three while avoiding the first and third floor .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the yellow room .
avoid landmark three and go to the green room .
go through the purple room first , then go to the orange room .
always avoid going to landmark three through the green room
avoid the blue room until going to the second floor .
travel through the red room then go to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark three .
go to the twond floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
go to the red room without going through the yellow room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the orange room
avoid landmark three until going to the yellow room .
go to landmark three through the onest floor
avoid the green room and travel to the yellow room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the green room
go through landmark two on your way to the second floor .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the red room
avoid landmark one and go to the yellow room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the second floor avoiding the red room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the red room
go to landmark two but remain on the third floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the yellow room .
move to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room
move to the red room without changing floors .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the purple room .
avoid the red room and go to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to the green room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the green room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the red room .
navigate to the orange room through the green room .
go through the purple room to landmark one .
go to the red room , then go to the third floor .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the red room
go through landmark three to landmark one .
go through the second floor and navigate to the purple room .
go from the second floor to the purple room
move to the third floor , travelling through the orange room .
go through the second floor to the yellow room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark one then go to the orange room .
avoid landmark three until going to the red room .
go to the red room , then go to the green room .
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark three .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
pass through the blue room before going to the third floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark one
go to the purple room , then go to the first floor .
go to the green room by touching the orange room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the orange room .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark three
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark two .
always go through landmark three and then to the green room .
go to the orange room through the second floor .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the purple room
go to the green room , then go to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor via the blue room .
stay on the second floor to get to landmark one .
move to the blue room and then the red room .
avoid the purple room and travel to the red room .
go to landmark one then landmark three .
first move to landmark three then navigate to the red room .
go to landmark three while staying on the third floor .
pass through landmark three before going to the third floor .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark one .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark two .
go to the second floor then go to the yellow room
go to the green room without going to landmark one .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
go to landmark three but do not first go through the red room .
go to the green room without touching landmark three .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark two .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the yellow room .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the green room .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the blue room .
go up to the second floor without going to landmark one .
go to the red room by first going through the purple room .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark three .
always go through the green room before going to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and travel to the purple room .
always pass landmark one before landmark two .
avoid landmark two until after the green room
avoid the orange room until going to the red room .
go to the green room before going to the orange room .
avoid the green room until landmark three .
stay on the second floor and go to the orange room .
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark three .
go to landmark two only through the twond floor
always avoid the landmark one and travel to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the red room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the blue room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until going to the green room .
go to the purple room through the green room
avoid the red room and travel to the orange room .
go to the first floor through landmark one .
avoid the purple room until reaching the third floor .
go to the first floor through landmark two .
go through the orange room before going to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the red room .
go to the yellow room while staying on the first floor .
avoid the blue room until you go to the third floor .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark two .
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
avoid the red room until navigating to the green room .
go through the yellow room to the first floor .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the green room .
move to landmark three , but go through the orange room first .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark two .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the blue room .
always avoid going to landmark one through the green room
go to the red room by first visiting landmark one .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the green room .
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
visit the yellow room and then move to the first floor .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
go to the yellow room via landmark three .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark two
go to the red room without touching landmark two .
go to the orange room via landmark three .
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark two .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
go to the orange room/landmark one through landmark three/green room
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the green room .
go through the orange room before going to the red room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the orange room
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the purple room
navigate to landmark two then continue to the purple room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the green room .
go to the blue room without going through the green room .
go from the onest floor to landmark two
head to the blue room and then head to the first floor .
always avoid landmark one , and navigate to landmark two .
go to the third floor , then go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the orange room .
go to the red room without going to the purple room .
move to the first floor by going through the blue room
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark three and stop
navigate through landmark one and go to the purple room .
go to the blue room through landmark three
go to the orange room by touching the red room .
go through the red room to landmark two .
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark one .
go to the purple room , then go to the yellow room .
stay on the first floor and go to the green room .
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark three
avoid the red room until you enter the purple room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the red room .
go to the red room before going to the orange room .
move to landmark one without leaving the third floor .
avoid the red room until you go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room
always avoid the green room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the third floor through the orange room .
go to the twond floor , then go to the yellow room
navigate to the purple room but never go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark one and avoid the red room .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the blue room .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark two .
pass through the purple room on your way to the third floor .
go to the second floor through the blue room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark two
go to the first floor and then head to landmark one .
move to landmark one without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the red room .
always avoid the yellow room , go to the third floor .
avoid the red room and go to landmark three .
avoid the red room until you enter the blue room .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark one .
go through landmark three and navigate to the yellow room .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the purple room .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark one .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark three .
go to the onest floor through the yellow room
avoid the purple room until going through landmark two .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
navigate to the purple room through the orange room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the first floor .
avoid the green room and navigate to the orange room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the yellow room .
go to the third floor then move to the yellow room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the blue room
move to the second floor and then head to landmark three .
go to the orange room without going to the blue room
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the orange room
always go through the purple room before going to landmark one .
go to the blue room before going to the purple room .
move to landmark one. do n't change floors if already on twond floor .
go to the twond floor but avoid the purple room .
go to the blue room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the green room .
pass through the orange room on your way to the third floor .
go directly to landmark three by only moving in the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the green room .
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark three .
go to the twond floor but avoid the yellow room .
move to the green room then continue to the purple room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the green room .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark two
go to the purple room while always avoiding the green room
go to the first floor and then head to landmark two .
pass through the blue room on your way to the first floor .
navigate to landmark two through the blue room .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
visit the orange room and then move to the first floor .
go to the blue room without going through the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you enter the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until going to the orange room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark one
move to the yellow room then continue to the red room .
stay on the second floor and go to the yellow room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the red room .
go to the purple room through the red room
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
avoid the purple room and travel to the green room .
avoid landmark one until you pass through green room .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark three
go to the purple room while staying on the first floor .
do directly to landmark one without leaving the purple room .
avoid the red room , navigate to the orange room .
move to the first floor .
navigate to the purple room through the green room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark three .
head to the blue room and then head to the third floor .
avoid the green room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the orange room .
move to landmark one after moving to the third floor .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the red room first .
navigate to the blue room staying on the third floor .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the purple room .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark three .
go to the orange room without going to landmark two .
go to landmark two always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the green room , navigate to the purple room .
pass through landmark one on your way to the third floor .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room by first going through the yellow room .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark two .
go through the green room first , then go to the red room .
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the red room
without leaving the orange room go to landmark two .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three
go to the orange room but do not enter the green room first .
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark two .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark one .
go to landmark one and then the purple room
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the third floor via the green room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the red room .
go to the first floor and then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark three through the red room .
go to the purple room , then go to the second floor .
go through the orange room before going to the first floor .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark two .
navigate to the purple room by passing through the third floor .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the green room .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two. if you reached landmark two then you can go to landmark three .
go to the third floor then go to landmark one .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the green room .
avoid landmark one until you pass through blue room .
avoid the blue room and travel to the red room .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the purple room .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark three .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark three
go to landmark two by only stepping in the purple room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the purple room .
go from the third floor to the blue room
go through the orange room then to the third floor .
go to landmark one and avoid the green room .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
avoid the purple room and go to the red room .
go to the purple room , then go to landmark one .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark two .
go to the first floor by first going to the second floor .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark one .
go directly to landmark two .
avoid the orange room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the orange room .
go to the orange room and avoid the green room .
go to the first floor then go landmark one .
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark three
go to the blue room without going through the red room .
navigate to landmark three then continue to the red room .
go to the red room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the purple room .
avoid landmark two and move into the blue room .
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the second floor .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the red room .
go from the twond floor to the blue room
always avoid the landmark three and travel to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the red room .
move to the blue room without leaving the second floor .
go through the purple room then to the second floor .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the second floor .
go through the yellow room before going to the orange room .
go to landmark three before going to the third floor .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go to the green room without going to landmark three .
go to the first floor , then go to the yellow room .
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark one .
go to the yellow room through the orange room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the red room .
navigate from the first floor to the blue room .
go to landmark one by only stepping in the red room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the yellow room .
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark one .
go through the red room then to the first floor .
move towards blue room and then to second floor .
go through the second floor to the purple room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the green room .
go to the purple room by touching the green room .
go to landmark two and then go to the onest floor .
navigate to the second floor via the purple room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark two .
go to the green room through the second floor .
go to landmark one but do not enter the green room first .
go to the third floor then go to the blue room
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the blue room .
go to the second floor , and then go to the first floor .
navigate to landmark three through the third floor .
go to the red room before going to the yellow room .
go to the first floor through the blue room .
go through the blue room before going to the third floor .
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark three .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark one .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room .
go through landmark three and navigate to the blue room .
move to the purple room and then the red room .
move to the second floor by going through the green room
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the red room .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the second floor .
move to the red room and then the yellow room .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the orange room .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark one
always avoid landmark three and go to landmark one .
go to landmark two , then head to the first floor .
go to the first floor by first going to the third floor .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark two .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the red room .
avoid landmark one until you pass through red room .
go to landmark three and then go to the first floor .
go to the twond floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
pass through landmark two on your way to the third floor .
avoid the red room and travel to the green room .
move to the orange room without leaving the first floor .
go to landmark two but do not first pass through landmark one .
avoid the green room and travel to the purple room .
go to landmark one without leaving the purple room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the blue room .
head to the yellow room and then head to the third floor .
always go through the orange room to get to the red room .
go to first floor without going into the green room
avoid the purple room , navigate to the green room .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark three .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark two .
go through the red room before going to the yellow room .
go to the third floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
go to the green room via landmark one .
go to the green room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the orange room and avoid the red room .
go through the green room to the third floor .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark one .
head to the green room but first go to the first floor .
go to the third floor and then go to the yellow room .
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark two
go through the green room then to the third floor .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor and then go to the orange room .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the blue room .
go to the red room by first going through the orange room .
go to landmark three via the second floor .
proceed to the green room by going through the purple room .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark two .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the green room .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the green room .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the second floor .
move to the blue room and then the orange room .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the purple room .
go through the first floor to the blue room .
always avoid the yellow room , go to the second floor .
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark two
go to the twond floor and then go to the red room .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark two .
navigate to the first floor via the purple room .
move to landmark two without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the blue room .
go to the third floor and avoid the blue room .
go from the twond floor to the purple room
go to landmark two without going to landmark three
go to the third floor then go landmark one .
go to landmark two without changing floors .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the blue room .
go to the green room without going to the orange room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the orange room .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the purple room .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the first floor avoiding the red room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the red room
go to the green room without ever leaving the first floor .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the third floor .
head to the green room and then head to the first floor .
go to the second floor but do not go through the orange room first .
go to landmark three then landmark two .
go to landmark one then go to landmark three .
navigate from the second floor to the purple room .
avoid the orange room until you go through the blue room .
go to the third floor but never go to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three , and go to landmark two .
go to landmark three after navigating to the first floor .
go through landmark two before going to the red room .
go to the red room but do not enter the yellow room first .
from the second floor , navigate to the orange room .
go to the first floor without going to the purple room .
go to landmark one via the third floor .
move to the yellow room without leaving the third floor .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the green room
go to landmark one and avoid the yellow room .
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark one .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark three .
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the third floor .
go to landmark one , then go to landmark two
always pass landmark three to get to level one .
go to the yellow room through the twond floor
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the orange room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the red room .
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark two .
avoid landmark one until going to landmark two .
go to the twond floor and then go to the green room .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the red room until navigating to the yellow room .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark three and stop
avoid the green room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the green room .
go to the red room and go down to the onest floor .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark one but avoid landmark three .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark three by only navigating within the purple room .
go through the orange room to the second floor .
go from the onest floor to landmark two
go to the red room without going to the blue room .
go to landmark two and always avoid the blue room
go to landmark two but always stay away from landmark three .
go to the purple room but do not enter the green room first .
go to the yellow room without going to the blue room
go to the green room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark two and always avoid the red room
go to landmark three but do not first go through the blue room .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the blue room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the green room .
avoid the red room until going to landmark two .
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark one .
go to the onest floor through the blue room
go through the yellow room to the green room .
avoid the green room on your way to landmark three .
always avoid the red room and go to the orange room .
go to the red room without ever leaving the third floor .
move to landmark three without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark three or go to the blue room .
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark one .
go to landmark two and avoid the red room .
avoid landmark two and go to the first floor .
go through the third floor to landmark two .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark one .
go through the red room to the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark one .
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark two .
always go through landmark one and then to the red room .
go to landmark one but always avoid landmark three .
go to the purple room and avoid the red room .
navigate to the first floor through the green room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the purple room
go to landmark three through the first floor .
go to the orange room without going through the yellow room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the blue room first .
go from the third floor to landmark one .
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark three .
go from the first floor to the purple room
go to landmark two before going to the green room
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark one .
go to the first floor but never go to the blue room .
go to green room , but do not go to yellow room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the first floor .
avoid landmark one until you pass through purple room .
stay on the second floor to get to landmark three .
go to first floor without going into the purple room
go to landmark one but do not first go through the red room .
go to the purple room without going to the green room
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the purple room
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the blue room .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark one
go to landmark one while always avoiding the yellow room
go to the red room and then navigate to the green room .
go to landmark one and always avoid the yellow room
go to the red room without going to another floor .
head to the blue room but first go to the third floor .
avoid landmark three and move into the blue room .
go through the second floor to the first floor .
go from the third floor to the purple room
go to the first floor by going through landmark three .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the blue room
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark one
proceed to the purple room by going through the yellow room .
avoid the purple room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the first floor .
pass through the yellow room before going to the first floor .
go to landmark two and always avoid the orange room
avoid the green room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
avoid the green room until reaching the second floor .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the green room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark one .
go through the green room before going to landmark one
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the orange room .
go to landmark three before navigating to the second floor .
go to landmark one and then go to the first floor .
go to landmark one without leaving the blue room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the orange room .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the blue room .
go through the blue room to the red room .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark three .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the first floor and avoid the orange room .
go to the third floor , then go to the green room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the orange room
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark one .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark two .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark two .
navigate through landmark three then go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark three .
go to the first floor through the red room .
go through the third floor to the yellow room .
go to the orange room only through the onest floor
go to landmark two only through the twond floor
go from twond floor to yellow room .
go to the first floor .
go to landmark one before going to the red room
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three and stop
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
go to the second floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go to the blue room but do not enter the yellow room first .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the yellow room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the orange room .
go to the orange room by touching the purple room .
go to the purple room through landmark one .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark three .
navigate through landmark two to the second floor .
always go through the green room to get to the red room .
go to the second floor but avoid landmark one .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark two .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
go through the orange room and navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark two without first passing through landmark three .
avoid the blue room and go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the red room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the red room .
go through the yellow room to the orange room .
go to the third floor then move to the blue room .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the third floor .
go directly to landmark two and do not leave the purple room .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go to the first floor and then to landmark three .
move to the orange room and then the purple room .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark three .
go to landmark one only through the twond floor
go through the purple room then to the third floor .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the purple room .
move towards green room and then to first floor .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
go from the second floor to the purple room .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark three .
go to third floor without going into the yellow room
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark two .
go through the red room before going to the orange room .
go from the twond floor to the yellow room
go to the first floor and then go directly to the second floor .
go from the onest floor to landmark three
go to the purple room through the twond floor
stay on the second floor while going to the purple room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark two
go to the yellow room , then go to the green room .
stay on the first floor and go to the yellow room .
move to landmark one , but travel to the onest floor first .
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark one
go to the onest floor
go to the blue room , then go to landmark two .
go to landmark one avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark one .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the green room .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to third floor .
go to landmark one by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the green room
go to the green room and then go to the red room .
move to the green room then continue to the orange room .
without leaving the first floor go to the green room .
navigate from the first floor to the green room .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the red room .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark three .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark one .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the yellow room
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark one .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the blue room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark two before going to the second floor .
head to the orange room .
go to landmark one and then go to the orange room .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark three .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark two .
go to the green room
go to the first floor , then navigate to the orange room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark one
stay on the first floor and go to the purple room .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the third floor .
first go to landmark three , then go to the red room .
avoid the blue room until going through landmark three .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the red room .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to the second floor via the orange room .
move to the first floor by going through the purple room
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark three
navigate to the purple room but never go to the red room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the yellow room .
travel through the green room then go to the purple room .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark two .
avoid the green room until navigating to the purple room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark two avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark two .
robot , go to the red room .
visit the purple room and then move to the first floor .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
go through landmark one on your way to the third floor .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the green room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the purple room
go to landmark three from the third floor only .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the red room .
from the third floor , navigate to the purple room .
go to or through the twond floor while avoiding going through the blue room
do directly to landmark one without leaving the orange room .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark two .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the red room .
go through landmark three before going to the second floor .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the red room .
go to landmark three , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
from the second floor , navigate to the red room .
go to landmark three and then the green room
without leaving the green room go to landmark three .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark one .
go to landmark one , then up to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark three .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark two .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark three .
avoid the yellow room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the third floor .
move to the purple room then continue to the green room .
go from the orange room to the yellow room
move to landmark two without leaving the second floor .
move to the second floor , travelling through the green room .
go through the purple room before going to landmark one
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
go through landmark two before going to the green room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the purple room .
avoid the green room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the green room .
go to the blue room without going to the red room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the red room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go to landmark two through the first floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room .
go to landmark one by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
from the first floor , navigate to the orange room .
go to the green room , then go to the first floor .
go to the landmark three before going to landmark one
move to landmark two without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark two or go to the yellow room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the orange room
go to green room , but do not go to orange room .
navigate to landmark one through the orange room .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the purple room
always go through the red room and then to landmark three .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three until after the yellow room
go to landmark three and then go to the onest floor .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark two. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark two or stay put .
go through landmark two to the green room .
avoid the red room until after going to the third floor .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the green room .
remain on the first floor while going to the yellow room .
go through the blue room before going to the yellow room .
go to the green room through landmark one
go through the green room before going to the third floor .
go to the third floor but never go to the orange room .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the orange room .
go to landmark three through the yellow room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
avoid landmark three and move into the yellow room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the red room
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the red room
go to landmark one while always avoiding the red room
navigate from the first floor to the red room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three. if you 've reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
move to landmark one but avoid landmark three .
go through the blue room before going to the green room .
go through landmark two and navigate to the red room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the green room .
head to the green room but first go to the second floor .
stay in the red room and go to landmark three and stop
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark two .
avoid the red room until passing landmark one .
move towards blue room and then to third floor .
go to the red room but do not enter the purple room first .
stay on the second floor while going to the red room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark one
go to the third floor and then go directly to the first floor .
avoid landmark one and go to the purple room .
avoid the green room until landmark two .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the green room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark three .
go to the first floor through the purple room .
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark two .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark three .
pass through the orange room before going to the first floor .
go to landmark one but do not first pass through landmark three .
go to the second floor , then go to the blue room .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark two .
go to the green room through the blue room
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark three
go to the yellow room via landmark two .
stay on the third floor while going to the orange room .
go to the green room through the second floor
go to the twond floor while always avoiding the orange room
go to landmark two after navigating to the second floor .
avoid the orange room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to landmark three avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark three .
avoid landmark one and move into the green room .
avoid landmark two until reaching the green room .
go through the blue room first , then go to the yellow room .
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the first floor .
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the third floor .
always avoid the blue room and go to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the orange room .
avoid the purple room and go to the third floor .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the purple room .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark one .
go to the third floor through the green room .
go to the green room through the first floor
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the third floor .
go from the second floor to the blue room .
avoid the orange room
go through the first floor to the yellow room
go to the third floor , then navigate to the green room .
go to landmark two before going to the green room .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the red room .
go to landmark three and then go to the purple room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
go to the third floor then go landmark two .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark three .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark two .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the purple room .
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark three but always avoid landmark one .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark one .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark one
go to the blue room through the first floor
always avoid landmark three and go to the green room .
go to the orange room
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark two .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the purple room .
without leaving the first floor go to the blue room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the blue room .
go to the red room by touching the purple room .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark one .
go to the second floor then go to the red room
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark one .
go to the red room without ever leaving the second floor .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark two .
go to landmark three then go to the first floor .
go to the green room but do not enter the red room first .
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
avoid landmark three , and go to landmark one .
proceed to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark two .
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark three .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the purple room
go to landmark one without leaving purple room .
avoid landmark one until navigating to the red room .
go to landmark one avoiding the first and third floors .
always go through the red room and then to landmark one .
head to the third floor .
go to the green room through the purple room .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
travel through the purple room then go to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the red room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark three .
go to landmark two through landmark three
go to landmark three avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark three .
travel through the green room then go to the orange room .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to first floor .
go to the first floor but avoid the green room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the green room .
avoid the green room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the first floor .
move to landmark three , but go through the blue room first .
avoid the yellow room until landmark three .
go to the third floor by first going through the blue room .
remain on the third floor while going to the orange room .
go to landmark three after navigating to the third floor .
go to landmark one before going to the purple room
navigate to the green room but never go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark two .
go to second floor and then to landmark two
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark three .
go to the purple room through the yellow room .
go to the green room , avoiding landmark two .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark two .
navigate to the green room by passing through the first floor .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark three .
head to the green room and then head to the second floor .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
go to the onest floor through the purple room
go to the first floor but never go to the purple room .
go to the green room through landmark three
go to the red room only through the onest floor
go to landmark two through the red room .
pass through landmark two on your way to the first floor .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark two .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the red room .
navigate to the green room through the yellow room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the green room .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark one .
avoid the blue room until reaching the second floor .
go to the orange room while staying on the second floor .
first go to to landmark two then go to the orange room .
move to the yellow room and then the red room .
go to landmark two by only stepping in the red room .
go through landmark three to the orange room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark one .
always avoid landmark one and go to the yellow room .
get to landmark three , while avoiding landmark one
go through the yellow room first , then go to the red room .
go through landmark two to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark three .
head to the yellow room but first go to the first floor .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the yellow room
go directly to landmark one and do not leave the purple room .
go to the first floor by going through landmark one .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark three .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
always avoid the orange room , go to the third floor .
do directly to landmark three without leaving the yellow room .
first move to landmark one then navigate to the orange room .
move to the red room then continue to the yellow room .
pass through the orange room on your way to the first floor .
go to the orange room through the green room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the green room .
go to landmark two then go to the green room .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark one .
go to landmark one but do not enter the orange room first .
head to the purple room and then head to the first floor .
go to landmark two and then the red room
go to the third floor then go to the orange room
avoid landmark one until reaching the orange room .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark one .
go to landmark three , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark three .
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
navigate to the red room after going to the third floor .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until landmark two .
go to the orange room through the green room
go to the purple room by touching the red room .
travel through the blue room then go to the purple room .
go through the first floor to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the green room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the blue room .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark one
always avoid landmark two and go to the yellow room .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark one .
go to landmark three and then go to the green room .
go from twond floor to green room .
go to the first floor then go to the red room
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark three avoiding the first and third floors .
go to purple room , but do not go to green room .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the green room .
go to landmark one but do not first go through the yellow room .
go to landmark two then go to the yellow room .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark two .
navigate to the third floor , and then navigate to the first floor .
go to the blue room but do not enter the orange room first .
go to the blue room before going to the yellow room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to landmark one .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the green room
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark one .
first go to landmark three , then go to the orange room .
avoid the blue room and go to the green room .
go to the twond floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to the red room only through the onest floor
avoid landmark three and move into the purple room .
travel through the orange room then go to the red room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the first floor .
go to landmark two after navigating to the first floor .
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark one .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark two then go to the orange room .
avoid landmark one until reaching the yellow room .
proceed to the green room by going through the orange room .
go from the blue room to the red room
go to landmark three but remain on the second floor .
go from onest floor to landmark three .
go to green room and then to red room
go through the purple room first , then go to the red room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark two .
go to landmark two , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the orange room .
go to the red room , then go to landmark two .
go to the red room through the blue room
go through the yellow room to the second floor .
always avoid landmark one , and navigate to landmark three .
stay on the first floor while going to the blue room .
go through the yellow room to landmark one .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark three .
always avoid going to landmark three through the red room
always avoid going to landmark three through the orange room
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark one .
move to landmark three , but travel to the onest floor first .
avoid the landmark one and go to the first floor .
go to the third floor via the orange room .
go to the red room but avoid landmark one. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark one or stay put .
go to the yellow room , then go to the first floor .
visit the red room and then move to the second floor .
avoid the red room until you enter the yellow room .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark three .
go to landmark one and always avoid the red room
avoid the purple room and go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the red room .
pass through the blue room before going to the first floor .
avoid the orange room and go to the second floor .
avoid landmark two until going to the purple room .
go from the first floor to the orange room .
go to the first floor then go to the green room
go from the green room to the purple room
go to the onest floor through the red room
go to landmark one but do not enter the red room first .
proceed to the red room .
move to the red room and then the green room .
move to landmark one , but go through the red room first .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the green room .
go to the threerd floor but do not go to landmark two .
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark two
go to landmark two avoiding the first and third floors .
remain on the first floor and move to the red room .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark three .
go to landmark two but do not enter the orange room first .
go through the orange room before going to the second floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the blue room .
navigate to the first floor , and then navigate to the second floor .
go to the purple room through the third floor .
go to the green room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark three .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark one .
go to the second floor before you go to the first floor .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the red room .
move towards orange room and then to first floor .
from the second floor , navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark one , then go to landmark two .
avoid the red room , navigate to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the red room .
always avoid the green room , go to the second floor .
navigate to landmark three through the second floor .
go to the red room through the green room
do directly to landmark one without leaving the red room .
go to the yellow room while staying on the third floor .
go from onest floor to landmark three .
avoid the purple room until going to the yellow room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark three .
first go to landmark one , then go to the green room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
navigate through landmark two to the third floor .
head to the green room but first go to the third floor .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark three .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor .
go to red room and then to green room
head to the red room but first go to the second floor .
go to the orange room through landmark one
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark two
stay on the second floor and go to landmark one .
go to the blue room before going to the green room .
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark three .
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the third floor .
move to the first floor but go through landmark two first .
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the purple room
go to the red room by touching the orange room .
go to landmark three and always avoid the yellow room
go to the second floor by going through landmark two .
go to landmark one always avoiding the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the green room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark three
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark two .
go through the purple room and navigate to the third floor .
move to the second floor , travelling through the blue room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the second floor before going to the green room .
go through the red room before going to landmark two
avoid the green room until after navigating to the yellow room .
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
go to the green room by touching the yellow room .
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark two .
without leaving the third floor go to the purple room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
go to landmark three while staying on the first floor .
go to the orange room .
go through landmark three to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until you pass through orange room .
without leaving the first floor go to the purple room .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark two .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the yellow room .
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark one .
go through the orange room to the purple room .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark three .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the green room
go through the yellow room before going to the purple room .
go to the green room without going through the yellow room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the red room .
go to the twond floor but avoid the green room .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room .
go through the green room to the purple room .
always avoid landmark three , and navigate to landmark two .
go to the first floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark three .
go to or through landmark one avoiding going through landmark three
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark three .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the yellow room .
go to the red room by first going through the green room .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the second floor .
go to landmark one , then go to landmark three
go to landmark two without leaving the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you go through the purple room .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the orange room .
go to the green room through the twond floor
go through the third floor and navigate to the purple room .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the third floor .
avoid the purple room until reaching the first floor .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark two .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark two .
go through landmark three on your way to the first floor .
go to landmark two by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
go to the blue room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the yellow room .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark three
go to the blue room through the third floor
go to landmark three avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark three .
go to the red room without going to the orange room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the orange room .
go to the yellow room by touching the green room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the orange room
go to landmark three but do not enter the red room first .
go to the second floor via landmark one .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark three .
navigate through landmark one then go to landmark two .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three .
head to landmark two after going to the red room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two. if you have reached landmark two then you can go to landmark one .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the orange room .
go to the first floor via landmark three .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going through the green room .
move to the third floor , travelling through the yellow room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark two .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark two .
go to landmark two without leaving the green room .
go to the purple room .
start on the threerd floor , go directly to the onest floor .
go to the first floor and avoid the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark one .
go through the first floor to the green room .
go to landmark three after going to landmark one .
move to the second floor by going through the purple room
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark three
go to the red room via landmark two .
head to landmark three after going to the red room .
go to landmark one through landmark three .
go through landmark two and navigate to the yellow room .
go through the orange room to the third floor .
go to the blue room before going to the red room .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark two .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
go to green room , but do not go to purple room .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
go to the blue room before going to the orange room .
go to the orange room through the twond floor
stay in the green room and go to landmark one and stop
head to landmark one without changing floors .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
move to the green room without leaving the second floor .
go to landmark one and remain within the purple room .
go to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark two .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark three .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the twond floor first .
avoid the orange room until reaching the second floor .
go to the twond floor and then go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you enter the green room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark one and stop
go to or through the twond floor always avoid going through the green room
avoid the blue room until landmark three .
always avoid the green room , go to the third floor .
go to the blue room and go down to the onest floor .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the second floor .
go through the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
navigate to the second floor via the blue room .
move to the third floor by going through the yellow room
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the green room .
move to the first floor , travelling through the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor via the green room .
avoid landmark two and go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
head to landmark three after going to the blue room .
go to landmark three without leaving the red room .
go to the third floor via landmark two .
navigate from the first floor to the orange room .
go through the purple room to landmark two .
avoid landmark three until you go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the blue room
go from the third floor to the green room
go to the first floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
go through the first floor and navigate to the green room .
go from the first floor to the red room
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark one .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark one .
go to landmark three always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark one .
go through the third floor to the orange room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the green room .
go to the yellow room through the blue room
go to the blue room through landmark one
go to the twond floor , then go to the purple room
go through landmark one then go to landmark three .
go to landmark one always avoiding the yellow room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark two
navigate to the first floor always passing through the second floor .
go to purple room , but do not go to blue room .
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark three .
move to the first floor , travelling through the orange room .
go to the purple room , then go to landmark two .
go through the purple room before going to landmark one
navigate to the green room through the orange room .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
